
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001101                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1100839551                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398684562696                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 399806                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   525409                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37867                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67619592                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29071.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11622894223                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15274314699                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        76800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        51968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        51712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        28032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        23168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        51968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        14208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        22528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        28160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        79872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        15232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        77696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        29440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               657664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           40704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       260608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            260608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          219                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          176                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          220                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          624                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          607                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2036                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2036                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1511574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     69764935                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1627848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     47207606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1627848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     46975056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3023147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     25464201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1627848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     21045755                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1744123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     47207606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2441773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     12906513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1627848                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20464381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3139422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     14069262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3023147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     25580476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1511574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     72555533                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3139422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13836712                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3371972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     19883007                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3023147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     26161851                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1511574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     70578859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3023147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     26743225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               597420396                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1511574                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1627848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1627848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3023147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1627848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1744123                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2441773                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1627848                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3139422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3023147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1511574                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3139422                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3371972                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3023147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1511574                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3023147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           36975416                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         236735680                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              236735680                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         236735680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1511574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     69764935                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1627848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     47207606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1627848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     46975056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3023147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     25464201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1627848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     21045755                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1744123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     47207606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2441773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     12906513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1627848                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20464381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3139422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     14069262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3023147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     25580476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1511574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     72555533                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3139422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13836712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3371972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     19883007                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3023147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     26161851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1511574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     70578859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3023147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     26743225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              834156076                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2639904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         205844                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167843                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21556                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83426                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78262                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20580                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          941                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1995821                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1218055                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            205844                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        98842                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              249989                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67168                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        68024                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124424                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21584                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2358669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627779                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2108680     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13137      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21021      0.89%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31764      1.35%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13070      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15488      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16091      0.68%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11359      0.48%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128059      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2358669                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077974                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461401                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1970288                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        94230                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248245                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1398                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        44507                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33439                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          329                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1476909                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        44507                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1975361                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         42215                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        36743                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          244726                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        15105                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1474262                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          760                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2526                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         7923                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          832                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2017394                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6871700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6871700                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         348396                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          324                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45124                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       148933                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82738                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4112                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15875                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1469325                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          323                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1373433                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2020                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221625                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       510258                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2358669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582292                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1774433     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236517     10.03%     85.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130694      5.54%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86327      3.66%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78869      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24060      1.02%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17622      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6137      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4010      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2358669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           376     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1370     40.94%     52.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1600     47.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1130754     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25258      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136160      9.91%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81108      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1373433                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.520259                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3346                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002436                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5110900                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1691338                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1348393                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1376779                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6528                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30830                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5433                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1140                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        44507                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         30835                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1667                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1469648                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           49                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148933                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82738                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          921                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11639                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13369                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25008                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1353442                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128910                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19990                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209842                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183576                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            80932                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.512686                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1348502                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1348393                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798055                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2022608                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.510773                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.394567                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251635                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21958                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2314162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378463                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1820597     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       234888     10.15%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97279      4.20%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50273      2.17%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37191      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21299      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13110      0.57%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11054      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28471      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2314162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3756656                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2986461                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35382                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                281235                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.639899                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.639899                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.378802                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.378802                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6143238                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1842805                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1399702                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2639904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         205323                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       184982                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12590                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78675                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71405                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11056                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          580                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2157404                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1289635                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            205323                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        82461                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              254085                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         40087                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        54381                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          125562                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12430                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2493082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940393                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2238997     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           8932      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18438      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           7504      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          41508      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          37357      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6969      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          15212      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         118165      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2493082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077777                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.488516                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2144402                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        67841                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          252962                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          868                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        27006                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        18080                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1511382                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1267                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        27006                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2147295                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         47366                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        12892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          251063                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         7457                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1509228                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2792                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         2862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           53                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1779566                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7103461                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7103461                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1539977                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         239587                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          182                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           97                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           21036                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       353139                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       177344                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1690                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8687                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1503870                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          183                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1433071                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          947                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       138611                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       341342                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2493082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372060                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1983742     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       152497      6.12%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125378      5.03%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54096      2.17%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68678      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66078      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37670      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3136      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1807      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2493082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3591     11.04%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28076     86.34%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          850      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       902086     62.95%     62.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12429      0.87%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           85      0.01%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       341843     23.85%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176628     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1433071                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.542850                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32517                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022690                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5392688                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1642717                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1419017                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1465588                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2451                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17275                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1702                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        27006                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         43452                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1504053                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353139                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177344                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           97                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1389                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6616                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7857                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        14473                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1421734                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       340574                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11337                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             517170                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         185820                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           176596                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.538555                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1419135                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1419017                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          767789                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1516827                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.537526                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506181                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1143529                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1343706                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160518                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        12631                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2466076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1978469     80.23%     80.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178118      7.22%     87.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83461      3.38%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82448      3.34%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22276      0.90%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96000      3.89%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7501      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5212      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12591      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2466076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1143529                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1343706                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               511505                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              335863                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           177310                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1194949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12993                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        12591                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3957709                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3035465                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 48739                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                146822                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1143529                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1343706                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1143529                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.308559                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.308559                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.433171                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.433171                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        7022407                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1652545                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1791274                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2639904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         205124                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       184811                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12632                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80170                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71249                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11094                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          582                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2157228                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1289147                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            205124                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        82343                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              253899                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         40121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        55872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          125611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12478                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2494202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939480                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2240303     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           8869      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          18363      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           7507      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          41554      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          37347      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           6992      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          15209      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         118058      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2494202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.488331                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2144543                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        69016                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          252771                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          872                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        26997                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        18054                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1510582                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1267                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        26997                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2147451                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         48234                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        13095                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          250841                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         7581                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1508490                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         2906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           82                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1778788                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      7099834                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      7099834                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1538866                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         239900                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          182                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           97                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           21203                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       353097                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       177303                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1686                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         8662                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1503105                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          183                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1433272                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1020                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       137939                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       337234                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2494202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372056                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1984859     79.58%     79.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       152575      6.12%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125324      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53893      2.16%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68774      2.76%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66125      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37703      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3161      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1788      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2494202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3576     11.01%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28082     86.43%     97.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          834      2.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       902098     62.94%     62.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12481      0.87%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           85      0.01%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       341982     23.86%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176626     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1433272                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.542926                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32492                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022670                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5394255                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1641275                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1419021                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1465764                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2510                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17312                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1702                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          129                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        26997                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         44310                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1963                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1503288                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           28                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353097                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177303                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           97                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6640                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7892                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        14532                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1421831                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       340720                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             517317                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         185741                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           176597                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.538592                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1419148                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1419021                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          767970                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1515978                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.537528                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.506584                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1142885                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1342894                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160526                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        12675                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2467205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544298                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366355                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1979836     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       177965      7.21%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83468      3.38%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82464      3.34%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22313      0.90%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        95986      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7376      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5213      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12584      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2467205                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1142885                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1342894                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               511386                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              335785                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           177179                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1194222                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        12973                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        12584                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3958041                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3033857                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 48847                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                145702                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1142885                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1342894                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1142885                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.309860                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.309860                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.432927                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.432927                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        7022941                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1652699                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1790867                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2639904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         203559                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179504                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18404                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130368                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124062                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12893                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          600                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2099745                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1153879                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            203559                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       136955                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              255110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         59872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        32550                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          129088                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17872                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2428760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537558                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2173650     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          36957      1.52%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          20650      0.85%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          36256      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          12579      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          33331      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           5665      0.23%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7           9762      0.40%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8          99910      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2428760                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077108                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.437091                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2082357                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        50738                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          254410                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          312                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        40940                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        20757                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          415                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1300775                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1700                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        40940                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2084705                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         28415                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        15627                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          252168                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6902                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1297946                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1713248                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      5898491                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      5898491                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1352023                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         361189                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           18299                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       224486                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        40212                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          312                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8936                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1288354                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1193499                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1262                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       255305                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       543147                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2428760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491403                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.114000                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1909357     78.61%     78.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167786      6.91%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166261      6.85%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98348      4.05%     96.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55174      2.27%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14656      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16414      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          425      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          339      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2428760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2314     58.73%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          902     22.89%     81.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          724     18.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       941574     78.89%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9877      0.83%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       202386     16.96%     96.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39574      3.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1193499                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.452099                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3940                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003301                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4820960                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1543865                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1159868                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1197439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1056                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50391                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1709                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        40940                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         21497                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          919                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1288548                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          181                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       224486                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40212                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          506                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           18                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10964                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8556                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        19520                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1175588                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       198895                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17911                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             238441                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         177246                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            39546                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.445315                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1160534                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1159868                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          699297                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1565349                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.439360                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.446736                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       907629                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1029890                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       258702                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        18090                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2387820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431310                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1999967     83.76%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155323      6.50%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96262      4.03%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31210      1.31%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50116      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10632      0.45%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6799      0.28%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6093      0.26%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31418      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2387820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       907629                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1029890                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               212591                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              174088                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           157229                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts          902589                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        31418                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3644981                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2618180                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 48442                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                211144                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            907629                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1029890                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       907629                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.908572                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.908572                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.343811                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.343811                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5445992                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1522096                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1361914                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2639904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         214711                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175892                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22738                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87230                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82017                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21576                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          979                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2054784                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1226831                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            214711                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       103593                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              268663                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         65415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        61792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          128119                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22492                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2427556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974056                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2158893     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          28787      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          33354      1.37%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          18197      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          20632      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          11779      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           8068      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          20948      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         126898      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2427556                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081333                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.464726                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2037491                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        79696                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          266176                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2233                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41956                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        34853                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1497038                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41956                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2041241                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         15831                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        54168                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          264705                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         9651                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1495167                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2079855                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6960748                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6960748                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1745015                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         334840                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          380                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          210                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           27918                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       142951                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        77066                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1801                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        16329                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1491283                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1399710                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1871                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204289                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       477886                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           40                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2427556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1838997     75.76%     75.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236285      9.73%     85.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127062      5.23%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87912      3.62%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77105      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39472      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9903      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6193      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4627      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2427556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           360     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1425     45.25%     56.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1364     43.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1172512     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21873      1.56%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128829      9.20%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76326      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1399710                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.530212                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3149                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002250                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5231996                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1695987                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1374917                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1402859                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3563                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27475                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2363                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41956                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         11398                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1165                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1491668                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       142951                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77066                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          764                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13241                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        25743                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1377745                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120893                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21965                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             197179                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         191958                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            76286                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.521892                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1375012                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1374917                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          818025                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2145311                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.520821                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381308                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1024366                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1256826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234860                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22713                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2385600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526839                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1872417     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238118      9.98%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99824      4.18%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59466      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41306      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26915      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14234      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11101      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22219      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2385600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1024366                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1256826                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               190179                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              115476                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           179843                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1133138                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        25588                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        22219                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3855067                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3025330                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 33365                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                212348                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1024366                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1256826                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1024366                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.577110                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.577110                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.388032                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.388032                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6213648                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1910652                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1395329                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2639904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         205340                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       184930                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12479                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78465                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71460                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11150                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          569                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2156956                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1289234                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            205340                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        82610                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              254134                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         39734                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        55849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          125478                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12343                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2493908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939590                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2239774     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1           9038      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18563      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3           7553      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          41452      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          37269      1.49%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6913      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          15199      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         118147      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2493908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077783                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.488364                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2144330                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        68903                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          253036                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          875                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        26761                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        18127                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1510813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        26761                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2147078                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         47954                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        13518                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          251274                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         7320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1509053                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         2738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         2761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          145                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1778723                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7102513                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7102513                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1542061                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         236654                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          183                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts           97                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           20168                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       353297                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       177495                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1684                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         8495                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1504179                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          183                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1434480                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       137900                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       336679                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2493908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1983831     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       152909      6.13%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125665      5.04%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53966      2.16%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68724      2.76%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66247      2.66%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37548      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3220      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1798      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2493908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3590     11.04%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28051     86.28%     97.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          872      2.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       902875     62.94%     62.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12463      0.87%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342277     23.86%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176779     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1434480                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.543383                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32513                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022665                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5396398                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1642315                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1420370                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1466993                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2535                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17270                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1726                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          129                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        26761                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         44028                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1951                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1504362                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           29                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353297                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177495                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           97                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1353                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6520                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7817                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        14337                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1423195                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       340935                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11285                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             517670                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         186080                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           176735                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.539109                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1420502                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1420370                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          768600                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1518394                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.538039                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506193                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1144793                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1345305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159213                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        12519                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2467147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1978865     80.21%     80.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178365      7.23%     87.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83683      3.39%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82655      3.35%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22308      0.90%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        95927      3.89%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7395      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5220      0.21%     99.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12729      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2467147                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1144793                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1345305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               511792                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              336023                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           177552                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1196400                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        13035                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        12729                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3958936                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3035814                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 48628                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                145996                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1144793                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1345305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1144793                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.306010                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.306010                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.433649                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.433649                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        7029423                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1654092                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1791252                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2639904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         240138                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199831                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23173                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92255                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85501                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25505                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1068                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2078484                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1316439                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            240138                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       111006                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              273605                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         65289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        62089                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          130366                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22081                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2456068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2182463     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          16623      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          20913      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          33362      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          13714      0.56%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          18153      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          21007      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9850      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         139983      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2456068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090965                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.498669                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2066367                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        75634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          272247                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          144                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        41672                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        36484                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1608083                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1287                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        41672                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2068934                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          5629                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        63758                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          269798                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6273                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1597178                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2231713                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7422728                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7422728                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1840242                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         391460                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          381                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           23108                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       150737                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        77503                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          934                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        17371                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1557773                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1486114                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1778                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205190                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429010                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2456068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605079                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1827824     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285083     11.61%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118062      4.81%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65527      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89105      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27671      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27198      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14421      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1177      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2456068                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10326     78.99%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1413     10.81%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1333     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1251725     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20201      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136848      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77158      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1486114                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.562942                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13072                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5443145                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1763366                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1445190                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1499186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1070                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31124                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1562                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        41672                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          4190                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          528                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1558158                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150737                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77503                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          447                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12886                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13486                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        26372                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1458808                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134099                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27305                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             211230                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         205967                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            77131                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.552599                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1445233                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1445190                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          865997                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2324644                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.547440                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372529                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1070590                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1319137                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239029                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        23166                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2414396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365828                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1855456     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       283739     11.75%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102530      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51390      2.13%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46682      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19764      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19414      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9232      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26189      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2414396                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1070590                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1319137                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               195554                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              119613                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           191263                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1187566                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        27224                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        26189                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3946360                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3158014                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 32745                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                183836                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1070590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1319137                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1070590                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.465840                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.465840                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.405541                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.405541                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6560982                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2021489                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1486101                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2639904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         214906                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176056                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22760                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87294                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82078                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21600                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          979                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2056701                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1228049                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            214906                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       103678                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              268916                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         65480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        61297                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          128240                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22514                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2429274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.618791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2160358     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          28811      1.19%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          33383      1.37%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          18214      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          20645      0.85%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11790      0.49%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           8076      0.33%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          20969      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         127028      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2429274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081407                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.465187                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2039358                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        79251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          266426                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2236                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41999                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34881                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1498522                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41999                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2043112                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         15572                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        53973                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          264953                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9661                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1496634                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2081931                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6967596                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6967596                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1746714                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         335212                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          383                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          213                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           27947                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       143093                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        77137                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1801                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        16356                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1492760                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1401068                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1881                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204511                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       478538                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2429274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1840190     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236452      9.73%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127204      5.24%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87981      3.62%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77185      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39518      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9907      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6203      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4634      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2429274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           360     11.44%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1423     45.22%     56.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1364     43.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1173656     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21909      1.56%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128949      9.20%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76384      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1401068                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530727                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3147                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002246                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5236438                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1697689                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1376245                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1404215                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3554                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27512                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2369                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41999                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         11127                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1168                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1493148                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143093                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77137                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          213                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          762                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12512                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13258                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        25770                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1379077                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121000                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21991                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             197344                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         192130                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            76344                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.522397                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1376340                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1376245                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          818816                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2147411                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.521324                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381304                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1025350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1258036                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        22735                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2387275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1873599     78.48%     78.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238331      9.98%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99924      4.19%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59538      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41332      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26953      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14257      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11120      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22221      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2387275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1025350                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1258036                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               190349                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              115581                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           180004                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1134238                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25614                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        22221                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3858217                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3028330                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 33392                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                210630                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1025350                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1258036                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1025350                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.574637                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.574637                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.388404                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.388404                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6219659                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1912543                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1396684                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2639904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         240004                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199842                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23260                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92306                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85476                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25475                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1073                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2077361                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1316387                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            240004                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       110951                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              273437                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         65572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        62432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          130366                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22135                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2455322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038947                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2181885     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          16490      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          20940      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          33268      1.35%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          13675      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          18083      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          21126      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9772      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         140083      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2455322                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090914                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.498650                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2065231                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        76018                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          272060                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          135                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        41874                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        36335                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1607989                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1293                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        41874                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2067820                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          5603                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        64183                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          269586                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         6252                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1596924                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          744                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2231232                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      7422311                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      7422311                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1838989                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         392235                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           23108                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       151029                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        77416                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          932                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        17330                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1557761                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1485642                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1813                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206159                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       432614                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2455322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605070                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1827368     74.42%     74.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285106     11.61%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117410      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65890      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89085      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27823      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27056      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14417      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1167      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2455322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10271     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1427     10.95%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1332     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1251399     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20147      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136879      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77035      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1485642                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.562764                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13030                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008771                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5441449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1764324                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1444683                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1498672                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31490                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1520                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        41874                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          4213                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          548                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1558145                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1096                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151029                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77416                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          467                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13035                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13514                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        26549                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1458391                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134075                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27251                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             211077                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         205830                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            77002                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.552441                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1444722                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1444683                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          865986                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2325900                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.547248                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372323                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1069874                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318260                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239891                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        23249                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2413447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546215                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1854844     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       283508     11.75%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102616      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51319      2.13%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46596      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19728      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19457      0.81%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9235      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26144      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2413447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1069874                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1318260                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               195435                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              119539                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           191143                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1186771                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        27205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        26144                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3945441                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3158189                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 32832                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                184582                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1069874                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1318260                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1069874                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.467491                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.467491                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.405270                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.405270                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6559137                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2021063                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1485824                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2639904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         203488                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179632                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18430                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130722                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124027                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12931                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          619                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2099123                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1154255                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            203488                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       136958                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              255019                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         60063                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        33189                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          129079                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17908                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2428851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2173832     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          36730      1.51%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          20688      0.85%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          36155      1.49%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          12628      0.52%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          33306      1.37%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           5726      0.24%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9981      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          99805      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2428851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077082                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.437234                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2082325                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        50791                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          254279                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          350                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        41103                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        20616                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          417                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1301366                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1716                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        41103                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2084632                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         28158                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        16001                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          252088                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         6866                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1298535                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1714505                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5902276                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5902276                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1351563                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         362912                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          100                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           18301                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       224645                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        40133                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          375                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        14647                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1289088                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1193916                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1233                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       256432                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       545565                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2428851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491556                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.111571                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1908472     78.58%     78.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       165089      6.80%     85.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       172312      7.09%     92.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        97957      4.03%     96.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        53071      2.19%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14735      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16462      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          423      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          330      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2428851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2265     58.30%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          900     23.17%     81.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          720     18.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       941919     78.89%     78.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9877      0.83%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       202502     16.96%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39530      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1193916                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.452257                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3885                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003254                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4821801                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545728                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1160146                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1197801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1155                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50663                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1630                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        41103                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         21437                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          846                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1289281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          163                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       224645                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40133                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          436                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11028                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8500                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        19528                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1175951                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       198938                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17965                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             238438                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         177099                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            39500                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.445452                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1160750                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1160146                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          700004                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1568337                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.439465                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.446335                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       907240                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1029501                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259808                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        18113                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2387748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.292760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2000002     83.76%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155155      6.50%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96066      4.02%     94.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31280      1.31%     95.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50249      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10721      0.45%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7104      0.30%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6219      0.26%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30952      1.30%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2387748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       907240                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1029501                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               212476                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              173973                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           157166                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          902263                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        30952                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3646092                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2619779                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 48378                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                211053                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            907240                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1029501                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       907240                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.909819                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.909819                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.343664                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.343664                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5448201                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1522853                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1362203                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2639904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         204864                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167110                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21561                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83156                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77997                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20444                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          927                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1989252                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1213145                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            204864                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        98441                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              248906                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         67350                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        71004                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          124062                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21589                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2354163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.992563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2105257     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          13039      0.55%     89.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          21006      0.89%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          31615      1.34%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13014      0.55%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          15280      0.65%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          15928      0.68%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          11489      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         127535      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2354163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077603                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.459541                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1963349                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        97567                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          247177                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        44674                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        33220                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1470813                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        44674                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1968424                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         43335                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        38686                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          243660                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        15372                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1467781                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2638                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         7841                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1151                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2007456                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6841750                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6841750                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1659087                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         348363                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          332                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           45028                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       148588                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        82743                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4164                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        15841                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1462962                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1366447                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2175                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222072                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       514217                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           28                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2354163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266062                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1772654     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       235626     10.01%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130083      5.53%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85853      3.65%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78215      3.32%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24151      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17564      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6039      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3978      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2354163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           391     11.51%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1397     41.12%     52.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1609     47.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1124454     82.29%     82.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25183      1.84%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       135648      9.93%     94.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81010      5.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1366447                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.517612                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3397                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002486                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5092629                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1685437                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1341437                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1369844                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6388                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31141                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5859                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1153                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        44674                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         32184                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1720                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1463294                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148588                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82743                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          932                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           44                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11777                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13293                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        25070                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1346628                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128334                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19819                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             209181                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         182486                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            80847                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.510105                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1341542                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1341437                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          793673                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2011430                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.508139                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.394581                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       994235                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1212180                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       252377                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        21972                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2309489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1818262     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       233938     10.13%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96987      4.20%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49871      2.16%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37056      1.60%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21205      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12956      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11042      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28172      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2309489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       994235                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1212180                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               194327                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              117443                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           168277                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1095948                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        23623                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        28172                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3745874                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2973803                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 35361                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                285741                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            994235                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1212180                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       994235                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.655211                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.655211                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.376618                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.376618                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6112315                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1832642                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1394159                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2639904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         239809                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199613                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23211                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92291                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25449                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1071                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2077761                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1315334                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            239809                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       110994                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              273337                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         65373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        62335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          130320                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22085                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2455375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.658906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2182038     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          16502      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          21008      0.86%     90.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          33276      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          13661      0.56%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          18105      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          21079      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9776      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         139930      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2455375                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090840                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.498251                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2065679                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        75874                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          271960                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          134                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        41724                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        36368                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1606725                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1293                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        41724                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2068243                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          5634                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        64059                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          269514                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6197                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1595753                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2229464                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7417180                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7417180                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1839290                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         390174                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           22860                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       150884                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        77436                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          939                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        17339                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1556727                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1485044                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1803                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204931                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430317                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2455375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326789                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1827433     74.43%     74.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285244     11.62%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117488      4.78%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65814      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        88977      3.62%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27752      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27112      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14398      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1157      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2455375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10254     78.78%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1428     10.97%     89.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1334     10.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1250796     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20158      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136856      9.22%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77052      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1485044                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.562537                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13016                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008765                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5440282                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1762062                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1444302                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1498060                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1032                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31325                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1530                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        41724                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          4249                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          560                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1557111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1080                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150884                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77436                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          474                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13014                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13442                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        26456                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1457951                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134047                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27093                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             211067                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         205820                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            77020                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.552274                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1444337                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1444302                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          865576                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2324651                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.547104                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372347                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1070049                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318474                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238648                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        23199                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2413651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1854971     76.85%     76.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       283587     11.75%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102593      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51240      2.12%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46670      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19752      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19451      0.81%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9261      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26126      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2413651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1070049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1318474                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               195465                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              119559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           191173                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1186964                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        27209                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        26126                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3944634                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3155974                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 32805                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                184529                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1070049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1318474                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1070049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.467087                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.467087                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.405336                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.405336                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6557210                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2020361                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1484813                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2639904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         216875                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       177349                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22992                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88298                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82972                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21870                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1055                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2080306                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1213030                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            216875                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       104842                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              251755                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         63614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        51847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          128919                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22857                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2424267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614496                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2172512     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          11653      0.48%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          18405      0.76%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          24368      1.01%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          25785      1.06%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          21999      0.91%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          11536      0.48%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          18288      0.75%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         119721      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2424267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082153                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459498                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2058945                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        73670                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          251137                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        40123                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        35595                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1486495                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        40123                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2065169                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         15436                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        44793                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          245332                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        13409                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1484960                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5911                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2072731                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6903374                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6903374                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1764708                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         308023                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           42679                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       139881                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        74359                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          896                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        30373                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1481924                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1397039                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          327                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182042                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       442797                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2424267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1824083     75.24%     75.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       254055     10.48%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126948      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89018      3.67%     94.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71081      2.93%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29027      1.20%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19128      0.79%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9609      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1318      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2424267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           334     13.29%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          906     36.05%     49.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1273     50.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1175833     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20691      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126352      9.04%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73989      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1397039                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.529201                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2513                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001799                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5221185                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1664343                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1373631                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1399552                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2866                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25175                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1418                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        40123                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         12401                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1364                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1482290                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          499                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139881                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74359                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1150                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12391                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13586                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        25977                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1375866                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118834                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             192798                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         195242                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            73964                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.521180                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1373703                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1373631                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          790091                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2128765                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.520334                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371150                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1028703                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1265773                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216522                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        23055                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2384144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1856504     77.87%     77.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266018     11.16%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96047      4.03%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45938      1.93%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44215      1.85%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22875      0.96%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16447      0.69%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8870      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27230      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2384144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1028703                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1265773                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               187647                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              114706                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           182564                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1140411                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        26055                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        27230                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3839196                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3004721                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 33527                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                215637                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1028703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1265773                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1028703                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.566245                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.566245                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.389674                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.389674                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6189708                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1915301                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1377138                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2639904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         203271                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179415                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18343                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130167                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124117                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12869                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          599                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2099816                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1153172                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            203271                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       136986                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              254973                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         59828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        33366                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          129035                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17818                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2429525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2174552     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          36868      1.52%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20611      0.85%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          36149      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          12669      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          33303      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           5681      0.23%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9935      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8          99757      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2429525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.076999                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.436823                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2082018                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        51963                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          254241                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          348                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        40952                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        20651                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          420                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1300553                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1716                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        40952                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2084417                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         29534                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        15650                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          251974                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         6995                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1297681                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5080                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1712737                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5898925                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5898925                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1351828                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         360909                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          188                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           18418                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       224779                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        40067                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          312                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         8903                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1288607                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          191                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1193328                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1210                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       256018                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       546010                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2429525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1910129     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167697      6.90%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166395      6.85%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98572      4.06%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        54804      2.26%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14722      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16469      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          411      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          326      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2429525                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2264     58.19%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          906     23.28%     81.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          721     18.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       941562     78.90%     78.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9869      0.83%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       202321     16.95%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39488      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1193328                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.452035                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3891                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003261                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4821282                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1544834                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1159857                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1197219                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1132                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50739                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1564                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        40952                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         22235                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          891                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1288803                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          168                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       224779                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40067                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          472                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10995                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8439                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        19434                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1175463                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       198705                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17865                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             238166                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         177084                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            39461                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.445267                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1160409                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1159857                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          699716                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1568277                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.439356                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.446169                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       907465                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1029726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259143                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        18027                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2388573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2000902     83.77%     83.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155089      6.49%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96380      4.04%     94.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31391      1.31%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        49905      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10494      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6822      0.29%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6038      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31552      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2388573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       907465                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1029726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               212543                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              174040                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           157204                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          902450                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        31552                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3645877                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2618720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 48381                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                210379                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            907465                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1029726                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       907465                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.909097                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.909097                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.343749                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.343749                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5445868                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1522173                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1361048                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2639904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         205167                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167371                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21573                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83852                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78264                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20507                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          947                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1991109                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1214434                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            205167                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        98771                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              249253                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         67224                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        67646                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          124205                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21639                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2352884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627386                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.993623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2103631     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          13097      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          21012      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31579      1.34%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13079      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          15342      0.65%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          16201      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          11468      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         127475      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2352884                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.460030                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1965838                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        93564                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          247547                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        44549                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        33264                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1472418                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1091                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        44549                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1970814                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         41079                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        37308                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          244098                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        15024                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1469711                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          853                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7734                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents          977                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2011552                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6850622                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6850622                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1664191                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         347361                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          322                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          170                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           44341                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       148548                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        82348                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4134                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        15823                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1464990                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1369686                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2102                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221154                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       507938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2352884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.582131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1770180     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236168     10.04%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130248      5.54%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85888      3.65%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78346      3.33%     97.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24400      1.04%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17562      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6134      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3958      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2352884                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           396     11.59%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1419     41.54%     53.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1601     46.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1127611     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25226      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       135797      9.91%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        80900      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1369686                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.518839                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3416                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002494                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5097774                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1686528                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1344701                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1373102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6423                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30782                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5275                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1124                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        44549                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         29379                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1619                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1465312                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148548                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82348                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          854                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           41                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11848                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13139                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24987                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1349823                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128387                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19863                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             209130                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         182865                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            80743                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.511315                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1344784                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1344701                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          795649                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2017945                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.509375                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394287                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       997163                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1215775                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       250771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21977                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.378000                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1816054     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       234281     10.15%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97223      4.21%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49904      2.16%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37202      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21313      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12916      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11069      0.48%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28373      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       997163                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1215775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               194839                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              117766                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           168822                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1099141                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23685                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        28373                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3746508                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2977649                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 35313                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                287020                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            997163                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1215775                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       997163                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.647415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.647415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.377727                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.377727                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6126911                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1837942                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1395350                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2639899                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         203333                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179500                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18237                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130390                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124382                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12862                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          583                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2099860                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1153231                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            203333                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       137244                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              254893                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         59469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        32985                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          128984                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17725                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2428855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.797589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2173962     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          36869      1.52%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20481      0.84%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          36270      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12638      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          33368      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           5738      0.24%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9914      0.41%     95.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          99615      4.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2428855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077023                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.436847                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2082153                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        51499                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          254168                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          331                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        40701                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        20604                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          416                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1299910                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1708                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        40701                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2084520                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         28864                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        15791                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          251912                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         7064                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1297045                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1711855                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5894317                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5894317                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1352922                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         358933                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          187                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          100                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           18479                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       224658                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        40095                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          378                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1287811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1193681                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1222                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       254168                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       539553                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2428855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1909223     78.61%     78.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167758      6.91%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166606      6.86%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98635      4.06%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        54756      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14563      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16563      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          419      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          332      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2428855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2263     58.19%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          906     23.30%     81.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          720     18.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       941622     78.88%     78.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9872      0.83%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       202592     16.97%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39507      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1193681                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.452169                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3889                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003258                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4821328                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1542188                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1160509                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1197570                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1081                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50341                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1592                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        40701                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         21773                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          896                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1288004                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          179                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       224658                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40095                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          474                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10980                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8359                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        19339                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1176171                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199123                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             238601                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         177366                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            39478                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.445536                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1161069                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1160509                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          699884                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1565756                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.439604                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.446994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       908388                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1030649                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       257409                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        17921                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2388154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2000086     83.75%     83.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155309      6.50%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96392      4.04%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31342      1.31%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50061      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10572      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6800      0.28%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6110      0.26%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31482      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2388154                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       908388                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1030649                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               212820                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              174317                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           157353                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          903224                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        31482                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3644717                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2616846                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 48361                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                211044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            908388                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1030649                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       908388                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.906136                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.906136                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.344100                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.344100                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5449151                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1522807                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1361471                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           5151                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32744.405351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           607326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.027816                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1337.715506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   272.045288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.528626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   192.885999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.529055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   185.963993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.771628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   120.742990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.840416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    95.369866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    14.562771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   189.748578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    11.830315                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    49.591779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.841117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    91.695278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.982059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    51.126977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.736878                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   121.324698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.744855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   278.851507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.984949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    49.476708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.216557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    93.585886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    24.490893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   124.496923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.745001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   277.410614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    24.487225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   129.042567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2660.593451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2019.639927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2024.735480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1808.949035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1639.033860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          2003.839521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1049.057745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1609.522544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1069.303560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1783.244227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2628.489920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1067.475526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1268.400748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1812.266052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2566.149288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1805.591258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.040824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.008302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.005886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.005675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.003685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.002910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.005791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.001513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.001560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.003703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.008510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.001510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.003799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.008466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.003938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.081195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.061635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.061790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.055205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.050019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.061152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.032015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.049119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.032633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.054420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.080215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.032577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.038709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.055306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.078313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.055102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          232                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2825                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2825                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    24                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          496                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          431                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          376                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          337                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          427                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          235                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          342                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          230                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          372                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          233                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          373                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          482                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5912                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          174                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          567                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 184                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          176                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   5138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          600                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          406                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          219                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          176                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          624                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          225                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  5138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2183741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     81332869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2050924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     61622436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2112938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     61441072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4027407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     32955945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2256890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     26954670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2280133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     62083466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3113801                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     16921379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2144805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     26047559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4206547                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17985832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4074743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     33259199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2108045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     85721908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4146697                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17988249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4435635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     25974401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4051135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     34148553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2152488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     81724473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3945591                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34583646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       750037177                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9040956                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       309077                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       298639                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8479331                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      9616982                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      27744985                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2183741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     90373825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2050924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     61622436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2112938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     61441072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4027407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     32955945                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2256890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     27263747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2280133                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     62083466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3113801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     16921379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2144805                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     26346198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4206547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17985832                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4074743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     33259199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2108045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     94201239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4146697                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17988249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4435635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     25974401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4051135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     34148553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2152488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91341455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3945591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34583646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        777782162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2183741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     90373825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2050924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     61622436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2112938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     61441072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4027407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     32955945                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2256890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     27263747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2280133                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     62083466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3113801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     16921379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2144805                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     26346198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4206547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     17985832                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4074743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     33259199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2108045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     94201239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4146697                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     17988249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4435635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     25974401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4051135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     34148553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2152488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     91341455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3945591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34583646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       777782162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          836                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          348                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2825                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2825                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               208                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          352                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                11050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          352                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1089                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               11050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.521236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.485066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.483254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.487395                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.323615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.337209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.541547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.340974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.376652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.378151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.530214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.386555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.456927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.884615                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.547445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.485066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.483254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.368067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.487395                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.320809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.371622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.565217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.338068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.374179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.376254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.557392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.384615                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.464977                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.547445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.485066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.483254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.368067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.487395                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.320809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.371622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.565217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.338068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.374179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.376254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.557392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.384615                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.464977                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167980.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150616.424074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 146494.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151779.399015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150924.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152081.861386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154900.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150483.767123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161206.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150584.748603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152008.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152914.940887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148276.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152444.855856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153200.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149698.614943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155798.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 148643.239669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156720.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151178.177273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162157.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151185.022928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153581.370370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151161.756303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152952.931034                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151897.081871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155812.884615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151771.346667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       165576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150228.810662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151753.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150363.678261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151400.318329                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150682.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 154538.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149319.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148760.192982                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152650.507937                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150787.961957                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167980.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150623.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 146494.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151779.399015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150924.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152081.861386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154900.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150483.767123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161206.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150628.436464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152008.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152914.940887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148276.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152444.855856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153200.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149694.306818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155798.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 148643.239669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156720.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151178.177273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162157.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150963.524038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153581.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151161.756303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152952.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151897.081871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155812.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151771.346667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       165576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150480.156507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151753.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150363.678261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151378.388867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167980.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150623.041667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 146494.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151779.399015                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 150924.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152081.861386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 154900.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 150483.767123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161206.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 150628.436464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 152008.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152914.940887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 148276.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152444.855856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 153200.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149694.306818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 155798.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 148643.239669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156720.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151178.177273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 162157.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150963.524038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153581.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151161.756303                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152952.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151897.081871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 155812.884615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151771.346667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       165576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150480.156507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 151753.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150363.678261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151378.388867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2036                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2036                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          174                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           60                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            184                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              5138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          119                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             5138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1430254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     49901979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1235802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37993120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1299370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37937795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2517748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20204178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1443619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16527171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1407347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38460454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1892295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10455773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1328907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15904369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2636219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10946653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2565109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20455877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1352779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52695990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2576453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11059722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2749373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     16022451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2541023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21058701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1397556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     50058141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2435518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     21193867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    461685613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5546447                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192201                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       181774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5157511                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      5945075                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17023008                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1430254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55448426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1235802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37993120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1299370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37937795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2517748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20204178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1443619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16719372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1407347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38460454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1892295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10455773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1328907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16086143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2636219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10946653                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2565109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20455877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1352779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     57853501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2576453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11059722                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2749373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     16022451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2541023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21058701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1397556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     56003216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2435518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     21193867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    478708621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1430254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55448426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1235802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37993120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1299370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     37937795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2517748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20204178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1443619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16719372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      1407347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     38460454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1892295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10455773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1328907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16086143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2636219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10946653                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2565109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     20455877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1352779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     57853501                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2576453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11059722                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2749373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     16022451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2541023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     21058701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1397556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     56003216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2435518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     21193867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    478708621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.521236                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.485066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.483254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.369932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.487395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.323615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.337209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.347701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.373514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.541547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.340974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.376652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.378151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.530214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.386555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.456927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.884615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.547445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.485066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.483254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.368067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.487395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.320809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.371622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.565217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.338068                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.374179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.376254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.557392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.384615                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.464977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.547445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.485066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.483254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.368067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.349421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.487395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.320809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.339768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.344729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.371622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.565217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.338068                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.374179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.376254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.557392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.384615                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.464977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 110019.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92411.072222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 88271.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93579.113300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92812.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93905.433168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96836.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92256.520548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 103115.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92330.564246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93823.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94730.182266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90109.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94196.153153                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94921.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91404.419540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97637.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90468.206612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98658.038462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92981.259091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 104059.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92938.253968                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95424.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92938.840336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94805.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93698.543860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97731.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93594.226667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 107504.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92018.641544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93673.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92147.247826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93194.512111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92440.783333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96100.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        90887                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 90482.649123                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94366.269841                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92516.347826                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 110019.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92414.043333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 88271.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93579.113300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92812.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93905.433168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96836.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92256.520548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 103115.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92372.220994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93823.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94730.182266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90109.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94196.153153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94921.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91398.539773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97637.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90468.206612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98658.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92981.259091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 104059.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92713.943910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95424.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92938.840336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94805.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93698.543860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97731.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93594.226667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 107504.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92262.299835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93673.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92147.247826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93170.225963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 110019.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92414.043333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 88271.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93579.113300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 92812.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93905.433168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 96836.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 92256.520548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 103115.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92372.220994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93823.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94730.182266                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 90109.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94196.153153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94921.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91398.539773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 97637.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90468.206612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98658.038462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 92981.259091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 104059.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92713.943910                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95424.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92938.840336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 94805.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93698.543860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 97731.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93594.226667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 107504.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92262.299835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 93673.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92147.247826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93170.225963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.745022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494287.521912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124406                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2842714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2842714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2842714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2842714                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2842714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2842714                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157928.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157928.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157928.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157928.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157928.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157928.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2301766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2301766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2301766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2301766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2301766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2301766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177058.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177058.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177058.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177058.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 177058.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177058.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1096                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125036022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             92482.264793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   190.177528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    65.822472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.742881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.257119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76447                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76447                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         171081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        171081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          450                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          450                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    322319741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    322319741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     80807717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80807717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    403127458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    403127458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    403127458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    403127458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       173972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       173972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005852                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005852                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132044.138058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132044.138058                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 179572.704444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179572.704444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 139442.219993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139442.219993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 139442.219993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139442.219993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          390                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1795                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1795                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    121138344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121138344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9658032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9658032                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    130796376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130796376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    130796376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130796376                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010672                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000780                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000780                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006300                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006300                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116928.903475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116928.903475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160967.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160967.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119339.759124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119339.759124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119339.759124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119339.759124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              556.527858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              765406444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1374158.786355                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.527858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.021679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         125546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        125546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2507014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2507014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2507014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2507014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2507014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2507014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       125562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       125562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156688.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156688.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156688.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156688.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 156688.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156688.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2202211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2202211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2202211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2202211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2202211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2202211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157300.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157300.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157300.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157300.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157300.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157300.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  837                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              287889700                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             263394.053065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   101.494058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   154.505942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.396461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.603539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       321518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       175470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175470                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       496988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         496988                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       496988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        496988                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         3023                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         3023                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    374874317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    374874317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    374874317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    374874317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    374874317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    374874317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       324541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       175470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175470                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           89                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       500011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       500011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124007.382402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124007.382402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124007.382402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124007.382402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 124007.382402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124007.382402                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             129                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     97050189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97050189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     97050189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97050189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     97050189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97050189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115950.046595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115950.046595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115950.046595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115950.046595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 115950.046595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115950.046595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              556.528278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              765406493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1374158.874327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.528278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         125595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       125595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        125595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2596968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2596968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2596968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2596968                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2596968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2596968                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       125611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       125611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       125611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162310.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162310.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162310.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 162310.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162310.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 162310.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2277741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2277741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2277741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2277741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2277741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2277741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162695.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162695.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162695.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162695.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 162695.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162695.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  836                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              287889767                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1092                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             263635.317766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   101.453949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   154.546051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.396304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.603696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       321627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       175429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175429                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       497056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         497056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       497056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        497056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         3019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         3019                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    374945937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    374945937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    374945937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    374945937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    374945937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    374945937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       324646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       175429                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175429                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       500075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       500075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124195.408082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124195.408082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124195.408082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124195.408082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 124195.408082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124195.408082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2183                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     97275241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97275241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     97275241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97275241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     97275241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97275241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116357.943780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116357.943780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116357.943780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116357.943780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 116357.943780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116357.943780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              549.816270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              643069278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1162873.920434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.716818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.099452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.039610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.881116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         129056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        129056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5476602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5476602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5476602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5476602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5476602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5476602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       129088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       129088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171143.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171143.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171143.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171143.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 171143.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171143.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4807835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4807835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4807835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4807835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4807835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4807835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 178067.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178067.962963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 178067.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178067.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 178067.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178067.962963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  595                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              150603343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             176972.200940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   157.025529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    98.974471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.613381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.386619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       179904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        179904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       218202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         218202                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       218202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        218202                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    223993736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    223993736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1428975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1428975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    225422711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    225422711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    225422711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    225422711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       181934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       181934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       220247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       220247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009285                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009285                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110341.741872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110341.741872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        95265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        95265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110231.154523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110231.154523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 110231.154523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110231.154523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1450                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     62892975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62892975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       217689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       217689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     63110664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63110664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     63110664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63110664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106238.133446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106238.133446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        72563                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        72563                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106068.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106068.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106068.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106068.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.839662                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              746972711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1505993.368952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.839662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.022179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       128099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       128099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         128099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       128099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        128099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3355269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3355269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3355269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3355269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3355269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3355269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       128119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       128119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       128119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       128119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       128119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167763.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167763.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167763.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167763.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 167763.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167763.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2390088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2390088                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2390088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2390088                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2390088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2390088                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170720.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170720.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170720.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170720.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170720.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170720.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              117715977                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             152087.825581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   168.336130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    87.663870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.657563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.342437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        88464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        74292                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74292                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       162756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         162756                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       162756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        162756                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1846                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    220488329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    220488329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7967755                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7967755                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    228456084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    228456084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    228456084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    228456084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        90259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        74343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74343                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          181                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       164602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       164602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.019887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019887                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011215                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122834.723677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122834.723677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 156230.490196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156230.490196                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123757.358613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123757.358613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123757.358613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123757.358613                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             184                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1328                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52044947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52044947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       325677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       325677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52370624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52370624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     52370624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52370624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005717                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 100862.300388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100862.300388                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162838.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162838.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101101.590734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101101.590734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 101101.590734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101101.590734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              557.561946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              765406358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1371695.982079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    14.561946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.023336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125460                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         125460                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        125460                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2820601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2820601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2820601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2820601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2820601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2820601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       125478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       125478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       125478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156700.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156700.055556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156700.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156700.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156700.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156700.055556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2444339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2444339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2444339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2444339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2444339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2444339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162955.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162955.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162955.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162955.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162955.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162955.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  833                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              287890066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             264361.860422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   101.638116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   154.361884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.397024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.602976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       321759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       175596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175596                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       497355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         497355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       497355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        497355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         3029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         3029                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    378455490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    378455490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    378455490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    378455490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    378455490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    378455490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       324788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       175596                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175596                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       500384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       500384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124944.037636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124944.037636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124944.037636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124944.037636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124944.037636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124944.037636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2196                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     97659485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97659485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     97659485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97659485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     97659485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97659485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117238.277311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117238.277311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117238.277311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117238.277311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 117238.277311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117238.277311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              467.212819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              749856812                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1568738.100418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.212819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.019572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       130337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       130337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         130337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       130337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        130337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4810101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4810101                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4810101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4810101                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4810101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4810101                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       130366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       130366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       130366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       130366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       130366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165865.551724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165865.551724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165865.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165865.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165865.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165865.551724                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3824919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3824919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3824919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3824919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3824919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3824919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166300.826087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166300.826087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166300.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166300.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 166300.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166300.826087                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              108861929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             180833.769103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   116.832566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   139.167434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.456377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.543623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       103035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        75558                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75558                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       178593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         178593                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       178593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        178593                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          875                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total          883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total          883                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     95375852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95375852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       807076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       807076                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     96182928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     96182928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     96182928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     96182928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       103910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       103910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        75566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75566                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       179476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       179476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109000.973714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109000.973714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100884.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100884.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108927.438279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108927.438279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 108927.438279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108927.438279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34672131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34672131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       240014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       240014                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34912145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34912145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34912145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34912145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101084.930029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101084.930029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 80004.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80004.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100902.153179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100902.153179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 100902.153179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100902.153179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              495.840373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              746972832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1505993.612903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.840373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.022180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       128220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       128220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         128220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       128220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        128220                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3226672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3226672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3226672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3226672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3226672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3226672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       128240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       128240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       128240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       128240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       128240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161333.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161333.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161333.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161333.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161333.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161333.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2270352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2270352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2270352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2270352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2270352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2270352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       162168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162168                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       162168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst       162168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       162168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  518                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              117716136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             152088.031008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   168.427583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    87.572417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.657920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.342080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        88559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        74357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       162916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         162916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       162916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        162916                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1844                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1844                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    215492241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215492241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8264082                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8264082                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    223756323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    223756323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    223756323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    223756323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        90352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        74408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       164760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164760                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       164760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164760                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 120185.298940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120185.298940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 162040.823529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 162040.823529                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121342.908351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121342.908351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121342.908351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121342.908351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             183                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           49                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1326                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     51104156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51104156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       315239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       315239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     51419395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51419395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     51419395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51419395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99039.062016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99039.062016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 157619.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157619.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99265.241313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99265.241313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 99265.241313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99265.241313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              468.364385                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              749856806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1549290.921488                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.364385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.021417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.750584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       130331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130331                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       130331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         130331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       130331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        130331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6442745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6442745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6442745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6442745                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6442745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6442745                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       130366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       130366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       130366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       130366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       130366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 184078.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184078.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 184078.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184078.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 184078.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184078.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5312187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5312187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5312187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5312187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5312187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5312187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 183178.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183178.862069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 183178.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183178.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 183178.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183178.862069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  351                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              108861934                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             179344.207578                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   116.907180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   139.092820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.456669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.543331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       103090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        75509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       178599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         178599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       178599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        178599                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total          884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total          884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     95901623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95901623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1077611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077611                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     96979234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     96979234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     96979234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     96979234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       103962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       103962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        75521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75521                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       179483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       179483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109978.925459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109978.925459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89800.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89800.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109705.015837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109705.015837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 109705.015837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109705.015837                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          351                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     35377280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35377280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       208371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208371                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     35585651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35585651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     35585651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35585651                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003347                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001956                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001956                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101658.850575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101658.850575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        69457                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69457                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101383.621083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101383.621083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101383.621083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101383.621083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              550.781702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              643069269                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1162873.904159                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    25.681841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.099861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.041157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       129047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       129047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         129047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       129047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        129047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5647628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5647628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5647628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5647628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5647628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5647628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       129079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       129079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       129079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       129079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       129079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176488.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176488.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176488.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176488.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 176488.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176488.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4941314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4941314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4941314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4941314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4941314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4941314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 183011.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183011.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 183011.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183011.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 183011.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183011.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  592                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              150603351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  848                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             177598.291274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   157.091558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    98.908442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.613639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.386361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       179912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        179912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       218210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         218210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       218210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        218210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    224372458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    224372458                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1159039                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1159039                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    225531497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    225531497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    225531497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    225531497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       181941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       181941                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       220254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       220254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009280                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110582.778709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110582.778709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 77269.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77269.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110338.305773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 110338.305773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110338.305773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 110338.305773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           67                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              67                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1452                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     62923837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62923837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       199713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       199713                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     63123550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63123550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     63123550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63123550                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106831.641766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106831.641766                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        66571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106627.618243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106627.618243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106627.618243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106627.618243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              501.744153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750131975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1494286.802789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.744153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.020423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         124045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       124045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        124045                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2676924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2676924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2676924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2676924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2676924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2676924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       124062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       124062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       124062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157466.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157466.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157466.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157466.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 157466.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157466.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2240035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2240035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2240035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2240035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2240035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2240035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172310.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172310.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172310.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172310.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 172310.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172310.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 1104                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              125035267                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1360                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             91937.696324                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   189.870609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    66.129391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.741682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.258318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        94275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        76051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       170326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         170326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       170326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        170326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2528                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          427                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2955                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    343742057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    343742057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     75443826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75443826                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    419185883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    419185883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    419185883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    419185883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        96803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        76478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       173281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173281                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       173281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173281                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.026115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005583                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.017053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.017053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 135973.914953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135973.914953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 176683.433255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176683.433255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 141856.474788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 141856.474788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 141856.474788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 141856.474788                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             496                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    125149417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125149417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9002696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9002696                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    134152113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    134152113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    134152113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    134152113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000745                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000745                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 119531.439351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119531.439351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 157942.035088                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157942.035088                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121514.595109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121514.595109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121514.595109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121514.595109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              468.367726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              749856759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1549290.824380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.367726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.750589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130284                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         130284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        130284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6304132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6304132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6304132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6304132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6304132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6304132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       130320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       130320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 175114.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175114.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 175114.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175114.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 175114.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175114.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5021447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5021447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5021447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5021447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5021447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5021447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173153.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173153.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173153.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173153.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173153.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173153.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  352                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              108861902                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             179049.180921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   117.301143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   138.698857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.458208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.541792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       103048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103048                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        75519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75519                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       178567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         178567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       178567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        178567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total          882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total          882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     95489904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95489904                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1510116                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1510116                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     97000020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     97000020                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     97000020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     97000020                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       103918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       103918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        75531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75531                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       179449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       179449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109758.510345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109758.510345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       125843                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       125843                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109977.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109977.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 109977.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109977.346939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          530                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          530                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          352                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35097871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35097871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       301061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       301061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35398932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     35398932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     35398932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     35398932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100566.965616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100566.965616                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100353.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100353.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100565.147727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100565.147727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100565.147727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100565.147727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              500.621819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              746408555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1475115.721344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.621819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.041061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         128879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       128879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        128879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6327354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6327354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6327354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6327354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6327354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6327354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       128919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       128919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       128919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158183.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 158183.850000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158183.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 158183.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 158183.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 158183.850000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4981756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4981756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4981756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4981756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4981756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4981756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160701.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160701.806452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160701.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160701.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 160701.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160701.806452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  457                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              112761433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  713                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             158150.677419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   158.841087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    97.158913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.620473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.379527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        86939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         86939                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        72580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72580                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       159519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         159519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       159519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        159519                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    175871832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175871832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1345248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1345248                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    177217080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    177217080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    177217080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    177217080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        88389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72596                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72596                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       160985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       160985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       160985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       160985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 121290.918621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121290.918621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        84078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        84078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120884.774898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120884.774898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120884.774898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120884.774898                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1009                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1009                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     47165886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47165886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       208979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208979                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     47374865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47374865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     47374865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47374865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103889.616740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103889.616740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 69659.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69659.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103664.912473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103664.912473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103664.912473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103664.912473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              550.536127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              643069224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1162873.822785                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    25.436394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.099733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.040763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.841506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       129002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       129002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         129002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       129002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        129002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5519142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5519142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5519142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5519142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5519142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5519142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       129035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       129035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       129035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       129035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       129035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167246.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167246.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167246.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167246.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167246.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167246.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4672914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4672914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4672914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4672914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4672914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4672914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173070.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173070.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173070.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173070.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173070.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173070.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  598                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              150603158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             176350.302108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   157.790461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    98.209539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.616369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.383631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       179717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        179717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       218015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         218015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       218015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        218015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2065                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2080                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2080                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    231730559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    231730559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2147869                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2147869                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    233878428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    233878428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    233878428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    233878428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       181782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       181782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       220095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       220095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112218.188378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112218.188378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 143191.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 143191.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112441.551923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 112441.551923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 112441.551923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 112441.551923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1482                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     63592837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63592837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       345660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       345660                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     63938497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63938497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     63938497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63938497                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002717                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002717                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106878.717647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106878.717647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       115220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       115220                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106920.563545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106920.563545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106920.563545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106920.563545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.744314                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750132117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1494287.085657                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.744314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         124187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       124187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        124187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2806616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2806616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2806616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2806616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2806616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2806616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       124205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       124205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       124205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155923.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 155923.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155923.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 155923.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 155923.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 155923.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2269901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2269901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2269901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2269901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2269901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2269901                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174607.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174607.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174607.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174607.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 174607.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174607.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 1089                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125035454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             92963.162825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   189.812200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    66.187800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.741454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.258546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        94312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        76202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76202                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       170514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         170514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       170514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        170514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          464                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          464                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    324451339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    324451339                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     84526437                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     84526437                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    408977776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    408977776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    408977776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    408977776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        96757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96757                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        76666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       173423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       173423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.025269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006052                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.016774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 132699.934151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132699.934151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 182169.045259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182169.045259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 140590.503953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140590.503953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 140590.503953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140590.503953                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             495                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1820                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1820                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1089                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    121250195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121250195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10177919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10177919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    131428114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131428114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    131428114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131428114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000822                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000822                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 118177.577973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118177.577973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 161554.269841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161554.269841                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120686.973370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120686.973370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120686.973370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120686.973370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              550.531947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              643069173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1162873.730561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.432230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.099717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.040757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       128951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128951                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       128951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         128951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       128951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        128951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5665135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5665135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5665135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5665135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5665135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5665135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       128984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       128984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       128984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       128984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       128984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171670.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171670.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171670.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171670.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171670.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171670.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4851309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4851309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4851309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4851309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4851309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4851309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179678.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179678.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179678.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179678.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 179678.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179678.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  598                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              150603619                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             176350.841920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   156.467096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    99.532904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.611200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.388800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       180180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180180                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       218478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         218478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       218478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        218478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2065                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2065                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    228145827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    228145827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1325669                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1325669                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    229471496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    229471496                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    229471496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    229471496                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       182230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182230                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       220543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       220543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011250                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111290.647317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111290.647317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 88377.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88377.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111124.211138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 111124.211138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 111124.211138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 111124.211138                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1467                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1467                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     63650127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63650127                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       241879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       241879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     63892006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63892006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     63892006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63892006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106975.003361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106975.003361                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 80626.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80626.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106842.819398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106842.819398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106842.819398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106842.819398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
