
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000965                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   964880454                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391064194191                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 407938                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   524212                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  33754                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67606016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28585.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11661308798                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14985113653                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        39680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        17408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        25088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        17152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        13440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        13696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        69376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        18176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        17920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        24064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        25472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        69120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        70272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        13568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        20096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        69248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               561280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           37504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       280704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            280704                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          136                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          196                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          134                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          107                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          188                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          199                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          549                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2193                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1857225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     41124266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1857225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     18041613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3316473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     26001149                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1857225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17776295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3714450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13929187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3581791                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     14194505                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1724566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     71901135                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1857225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     18837567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1857225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     18572249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3183814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     24939877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3316473                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     26399125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1724566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     71635817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1724566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     72829748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3847109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14061846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1724566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20827451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1724566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     71768476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               581709369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1857225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1857225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      3316473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1857225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3714450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3581791                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1724566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1857225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1857225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      3183814                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      3316473                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1724566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1724566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3847109                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1724566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1724566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           38869064                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         290921014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              290921014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         290921014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1857225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     41124266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1857225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     18041613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      3316473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     26001149                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1857225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17776295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3714450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13929187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3581791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     14194505                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1724566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     71901135                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1857225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     18837567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1857225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     18572249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      3183814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     24939877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      3316473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     26399125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1724566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     71635817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1724566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     72829748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3847109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14061846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1724566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20827451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1724566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     71768476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              872630383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180583                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162574                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11275                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62686                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9830                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1896217                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1131154                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180583                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72516                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223227                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         35885                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        44108                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110624                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2187908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939476                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        1964681     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7899      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16586      0.76%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6810      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36132      1.65%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32643      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6266      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13299      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103592      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2187908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.078044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.488860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1885217                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        55497                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222284                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          725                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24177                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16013                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1325855                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24177                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1887663                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         36245                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        12720                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220672                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         6423                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1324199                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         2489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents          175                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1564906                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6230135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6230135                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         215929                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           17893                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308364                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154641                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1364                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7478                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1319554                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256549                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          912                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       124986                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       303665                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2187908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1740636     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134348      6.14%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110038      5.03%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47624      2.18%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60266      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57815      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32744      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2846      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1591      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2187908                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3181     11.22%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24447     86.23%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          722      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793057     63.11%     63.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11004      0.88%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298424     23.75%     87.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153989     12.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256549                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.543052                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28350                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022562                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4730267                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1444749                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243797                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284899                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2205                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15665                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1550                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24177                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         32868                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1632                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1319715                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           18                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308364                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154641                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1122                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5833                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7053                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12886                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246327                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297302                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10221                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451254                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163180                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           153952                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.538635                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1243904                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243797                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673561                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1332566                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.537541                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.505462                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144317                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11314                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2163731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543301                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1736492     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156460      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73175      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72136      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19594      0.91%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83827      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6496      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4555      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10996      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2163731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        10996                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3472610                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2663936                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 43008                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                125955                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.313863                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.313863                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.432178                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.432178                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6151387                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1451350                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1568542                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         190531                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156060                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20183                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          72979                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19268                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          921                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1824070                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1067335                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            190531                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        92247                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              221575                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         56360                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        42361                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          113070                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20039                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2123950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617604                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1902375     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          10159      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          16060      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          21544      1.01%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          22801      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          19259      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          10299      0.48%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          16069      0.76%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         105384      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2123950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.082343                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.461278                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1805349                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        61482                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          220985                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          355                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        35777                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        31071                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1308904                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        35777                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1810809                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         13499                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        36265                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          215872                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        11726                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1307142                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1526                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1824943                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6078839                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6078839                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1546681                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         278262                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           37045                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       123215                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        65114                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          735                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        14465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1303981                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1226390                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          251                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       165080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404585                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2123950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577410                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1606986     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211487      9.96%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107381      5.06%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81641      3.84%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64316      3.03%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25866      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16500      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8560      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1213      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2123950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           295     13.39%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          794     36.04%     49.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1114     50.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1032112     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18259      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111024      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64843      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1226390                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.530018                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2203                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001796                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4579184                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1469372                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1205921                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1228593                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2440                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22724                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1185                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        35777                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         10811                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1165                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1304285                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123215                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65114                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1000                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10910                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12014                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        22924                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1207791                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104176                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18599                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             169005                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         171078                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            64829                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.521980                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1205989                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1205921                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          693349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1871101                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.521172                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.370557                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       901760                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1109720                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       194570                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        20244                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2088173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1633395     78.22%     78.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225227     10.79%     89.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85243      4.08%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40427      1.94%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33908      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19812      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17784      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7686      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24691      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2088173                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       901760                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1109720                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               164420                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              100491                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           160088                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          999804                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        22861                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        24691                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3367772                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2644361                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 29425                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                189913                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            901760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1109720                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       901760                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.565941                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.565941                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.389721                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.389721                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5434121                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1681613                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1211285                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         186154                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152585                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20073                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76231                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70819                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18860                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          902                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1785102                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1063090                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            186154                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        89679                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              232464                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         57380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        64231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          111526                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19790                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2118801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967790                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        1886337     89.03%     89.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          24550      1.16%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          29012      1.37%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          15750      0.74%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          17638      0.83%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          10446      0.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           6933      0.33%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          18169      0.86%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         109966      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2118801                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.080452                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.459444                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1769854                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        80088                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          230321                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1931                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        36604                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        30058                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1296428                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2078                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        36604                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1773181                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         14813                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        56743                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          228982                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         8475                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1294586                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1877                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1802251                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6025727                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6025727                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1509828                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         292423                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          340                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           24182                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       123981                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        66604                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1684                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        14180                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1291070                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1212224                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1508                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177042                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       411558                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2118801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572127                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263833                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1608396     75.91%     75.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205352      9.69%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110140      5.20%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76327      3.60%     94.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66832      3.15%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33801      1.60%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8428      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5490      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4035      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2118801                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           326     12.24%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1145     43.00%     55.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1192     44.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1015509     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18750      1.55%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          146      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111873      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65946      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1212224                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.523896                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2663                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002197                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4547420                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1468499                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1190135                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1214887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3149                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23839                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1844                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        36604                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         10604                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1115                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1291420                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123981                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66604                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          754                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10996                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11660                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        22656                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1192586                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       105008                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19638                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             170915                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         166268                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            65907                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.515409                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1190236                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1190135                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          708677                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1855413                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.514350                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381951                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       886618                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1087819                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203612                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        19993                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2082197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340751                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1637660     78.65%     78.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206458      9.92%     88.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86357      4.15%     92.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51687      2.48%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35684      1.71%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23278      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12263      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9598      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19212      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2082197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       886618                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1087819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               164902                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              100142                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           155692                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          980696                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        22126                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        19212                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3354403                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2619471                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 29372                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                195062                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            886618                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1087819                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       886618                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.609763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.609763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.383177                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.383177                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5379143                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1655014                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1209169                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         190533                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156010                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20104                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77298                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73239                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19242                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          929                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1825117                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1066708                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            190533                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        92481                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              221625                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         55975                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        42434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          113046                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19966                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2124814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616986                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1903189     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          10191      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          16149      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          21709      1.02%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          22721      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          19235      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          10281      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          16093      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         105246      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2124814                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082344                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461007                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1806605                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        61339                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          221030                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          367                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        35471                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        31134                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1308133                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        35471                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1811961                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         13485                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        36343                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          216033                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        11519                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1306432                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1515                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1823792                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6075768                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6075768                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1549062                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         274719                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           36440                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       123120                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        65189                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          709                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        14498                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1303342                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1226869                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          251                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       162834                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399417                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2124814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1607298     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211790      9.97%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107553      5.06%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81940      3.86%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64118      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25908      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16519      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8477      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1211      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2124814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           302     13.59%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          805     36.23%     49.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1115     50.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1032521     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18258      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111034      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64904      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1226869                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530225                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2222                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001811                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4581025                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1466487                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1206414                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1229091                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2320                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22483                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1165                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        35471                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         10860                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1176                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1303646                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          568                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123120                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65189                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          999                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10987                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11852                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        22839                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1208283                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104207                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18586                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             169097                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         171349                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            64890                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522193                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1206484                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1206414                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          693603                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1871498                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521385                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370614                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       903141                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1111413                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192233                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        20165                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2089343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1633735     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225699     10.80%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85436      4.09%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40475      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33935      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19860      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17760      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7727      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24716      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2089343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       903141                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1111413                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               164658                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              100634                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           160336                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1001316                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        22893                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        24716                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3368273                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2642772                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 29360                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                189049                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            903141                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1111413                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       903141                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.562017                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.562017                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.390317                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.390317                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5435934                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1682138                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1210714                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         209802                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174727                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20738                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79493                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74414                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22086                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          937                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1814908                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1150736                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            209802                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        96500                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              238783                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         58686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        54172                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          114312                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19754                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2145620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659645                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        1906837     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          14421      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          18036      0.84%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          28964      1.35%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          12108      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          15802      0.74%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          18219      0.85%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           8658      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         122575      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2145620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.090672                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.497322                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1804274                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        66088                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          237545                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          172                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        37540                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        31714                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1405600                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1298                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        37540                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1806676                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          5841                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        54633                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          235301                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         5628                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1395926                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          766                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         3877                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1949971                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6486920                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6486920                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1597146                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         352812                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          343                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           21390                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       131981                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        67611                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          802                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        14966                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1360575                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          346                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1294837                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184691                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       389956                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           24                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2145620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603479                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1598742     74.51%     74.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248264     11.57%     86.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       102036      4.76%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57309      2.67%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77605      3.62%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24309      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23912      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12407      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1036      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2145620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9035     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1265     11.03%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1167     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1090781     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17550      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119133      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67215      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1294837                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.559600                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11467                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4748425                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545632                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1258621                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306304                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1025                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28049                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1553                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        37540                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          4395                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          546                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1360922                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131981                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67611                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          482                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11390                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12162                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        23552                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1270369                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116530                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24468                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             183699                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         179121                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            67169                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.549025                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1258670                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1258621                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          754134                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2026206                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.543948                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372190                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929267                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1145222                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       215706                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        20698                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2108080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363204                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1623279     77.00%     77.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       245946     11.67%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89010      4.22%     92.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44291      2.10%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40577      1.92%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17248      0.82%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16952      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8093      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22684      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2108080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       929267                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1145222                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               169987                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              103929                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           166015                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1031064                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        23664                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        22684                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3446311                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2759406                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 29351                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                168243                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            929267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1145222                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       929267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.489987                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.489987                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.401608                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.401608                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5713932                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1760544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1298479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         210083                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       174891                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20578                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79845                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74594                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22116                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          942                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1816801                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1151889                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            210083                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        96710                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              239036                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         58221                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        53177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          114216                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19547                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2146466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.660132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.040719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1907430     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          14356      0.67%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18193      0.85%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          29146      1.36%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          12002      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          15734      0.73%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          18038      0.84%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           8672      0.40%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         122895      5.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2146466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.090793                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.497821                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1806213                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        65098                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          237757                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          162                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        37235                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        31824                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1406774                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1297                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        37235                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1808588                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          5714                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        53867                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          235529                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         5532                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1396951                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          740                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         3821                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1950815                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6491954                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6491954                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1600655                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         350136                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          332                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           20648                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       132177                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        67772                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          830                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        15011                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1362083                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1296455                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1741                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183540                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       389755                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2146466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603995                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1598859     74.49%     74.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248408     11.57%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       102149      4.76%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57757      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77472      3.61%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24684      1.15%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23826      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12274      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1037      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2146466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9083     78.75%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1276     11.06%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1175     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1091892     84.22%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17554      1.35%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119455      9.21%     94.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67395      5.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1296455                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.560299                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11534                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008897                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4752650                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545976                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1260743                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1307989                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1044                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27982                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1534                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        37235                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          4274                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          579                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1362417                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1048                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132177                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67772                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          509                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11360                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12022                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        23382                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1272707                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       117003                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23747                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             184363                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         179541                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            67360                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.550036                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1260782                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1260743                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          754799                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2027916                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.544865                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372204                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       931357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1147868                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       214550                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          321                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        20538                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2109231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1623337     76.96%     76.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       246431     11.68%     88.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89257      4.23%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44323      2.10%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40702      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17382      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16999      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8158      0.39%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22642      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2109231                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       931357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1147868                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               170430                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              104192                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           166420                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1033456                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        23731                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        22642                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3448994                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2762095                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 29204                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                167397                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            931357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1147868                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       931357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.484400                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.484400                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.402512                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.402512                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5724615                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1762845                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1300020                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         180022                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146763                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19127                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73643                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68373                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17876                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          823                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1741545                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1062959                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            180022                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        86249                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              218056                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         59656                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        57410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          108915                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19150                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2056860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628357                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995207                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1838804     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          11414      0.55%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18268      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          27493      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          11441      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          13611      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          14206      0.69%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10025      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         111598      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2056860                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077801                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459387                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1719977                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        79634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          216432                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1272                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        39542                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        29262                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          311                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1288617                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        39542                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1724236                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         38842                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        27584                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          213578                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        13075                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1285849                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          611                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         6699                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          943                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1760368                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5993251                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5993251                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1449236                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         311096                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          144                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           38357                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       130113                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        71611                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3576                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        13879                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1281240                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          276                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1194989                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1902                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198201                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457938                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2056860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580977                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266229                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1548366     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205992     10.01%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113685      5.53%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        74903      3.64%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68696      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21338      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15135      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5326      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3419      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2056860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           327     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1211     41.20%     52.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1401     47.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       984256     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21959      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          132      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118374      9.91%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70268      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1194989                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.516448                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2939                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002459                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4451678                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1479781                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1172780                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1197928                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5579                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27482                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4484                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          937                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        39542                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         28892                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1472                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1281516                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           82                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130113                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71611                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          144                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          764                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           43                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10181                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11912                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        22093                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177367                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111963                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17621                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             182088                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         159600                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            70125                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.508832                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1172884                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1172780                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          694217                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1762057                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.506849                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.393981                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868182                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1058807                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223662                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        19451                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2017318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524859                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1588556     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204029     10.11%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84620      4.19%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43528      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32504      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18423      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11466      0.57%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9509      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24683      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2017318                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       868182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1058807                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               169758                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              102631                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           146997                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          957312                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        20649                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        24683                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3275104                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2604502                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 31230                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                257003                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            868182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1058807                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       868182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.665182                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.665182                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.375209                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.375209                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5343684                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1603840                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1220321                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         190563                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156170                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20064                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76962                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73019                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          919                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1823601                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1066729                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            190563                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        92279                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              221608                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         55877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        42918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          112924                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19924                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2123707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965148                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1902099     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          10233      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          16164      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          21575      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          22765      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          19288      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          10294      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          15863      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         105426      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2123707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.082357                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.461016                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1804980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        61941                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          220990                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        35413                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        31004                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1308103                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        35413                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1810356                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         13292                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        37074                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          215979                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        11591                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1306334                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5074                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1824742                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6075136                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6075136                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1550063                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         274625                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           36747                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       123194                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        65097                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          760                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        14399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1303104                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1226562                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          249                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       162083                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399227                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2123707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577557                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1606323     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211703      9.97%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107465      5.06%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82055      3.86%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64124      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25843      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16487      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8525      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1182      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2123707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           306     13.79%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          798     35.96%     49.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1115     50.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1032189     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18270      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111135      9.06%     94.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64816      5.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1226562                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530093                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2219                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001809                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4579298                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1465498                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1206105                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1228781                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2483                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22489                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1034                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        35413                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         10543                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1186                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1303408                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123194                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65097                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1017                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10868                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11938                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        22806                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1208004                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104336                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18557                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             169138                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         171239                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            64802                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.522072                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1206171                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1206105                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          693841                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1870591                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.521252                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370921                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       903726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1112134                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       191248                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        20125                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2088294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380851                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1632516     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225599     10.80%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85577      4.10%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40529      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33985      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19874      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17785      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7658      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24771      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2088294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       903726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1112134                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               164764                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              100701                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           160439                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1001964                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        22907                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        24771                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3366905                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2642212                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 29371                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                190156                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            903726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1112134                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       903726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.560359                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.560359                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390570                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390570                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5435340                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1682583                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1210724                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         190533                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156143                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20061                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73008                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19257                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          919                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1823355                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1066505                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            190533                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        92265                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              221565                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         55868                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        42801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          112908                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19922                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2123295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1901730     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          10231      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          16163      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          21570      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          22760      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          19285      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          10293      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          15862      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         105401      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2123295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.082344                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.460920                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1804835                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        61722                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          220954                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        35407                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        31001                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1307844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        35407                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1810209                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         13495                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        36705                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          215943                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        11534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1306083                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1498                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1824393                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6073947                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6073947                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1549818                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         274564                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           36670                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       123174                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        65081                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          760                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        14393                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1302863                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1226356                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          249                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       162053                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       399172                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2123295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1605992     75.64%     75.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211666      9.97%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107462      5.06%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82034      3.86%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64117      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25834      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16486      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8522      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1182      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2123295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           305     13.75%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          798     35.98%     49.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1115     50.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1032023     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18263      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111118      9.06%     94.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64800      5.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1226356                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.530004                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2218                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001809                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4578474                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1465227                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1205905                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1228574                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2483                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1034                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        35407                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         10825                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1169                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1303167                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123174                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65081                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1003                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10866                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11937                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        22803                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1207799                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104317                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18557                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             169103                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         171217                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            64786                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.521984                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1205971                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1205905                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          693719                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1870288                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521165                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370916                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       903572                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1111948                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       191218                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        20122                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2087888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.380907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1632196     78.17%     78.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225562     10.80%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85557      4.10%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40516      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33977      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19866      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17784      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7658      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24772      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2087888                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       903572                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1111948                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               164733                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              100686                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           160416                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1001792                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        22902                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        24772                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3366282                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2641749                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 29368                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                190568                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            903572                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1111948                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       903572                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.560795                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.560795                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.390504                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.390504                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5434410                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1682313                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1210473                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         186308                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152707                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20180                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76488                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70977                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18846                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          893                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1788205                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1063133                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            186308                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        89823                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              232742                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         57419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        60970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          111736                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19892                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2118852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1886110     89.02%     89.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          24693      1.17%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          29312      1.38%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          15759      0.74%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          17539      0.83%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          10502      0.50%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           6904      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          17991      0.85%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         110042      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2118852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.080518                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.459462                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1773024                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        76764                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          230533                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1993                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        36535                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        30075                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1296239                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2074                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        36535                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1776356                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         15111                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        53083                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          229238                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8526                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1294334                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1901                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4145                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1802003                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6024259                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6024259                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1511802                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         290201                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          350                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           24199                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       123880                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        66635                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1688                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        14112                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1290872                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          354                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1212925                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1458                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174918                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       406848                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           52                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2118852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.572444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1607918     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205654      9.71%     85.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110252      5.20%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76550      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66762      3.15%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33738      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8500      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5445      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4033      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2118852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           329     12.36%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1136     42.69%     55.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1196     44.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1016126     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18767      1.55%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111926      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65959      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1212925                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.524199                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2661                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002194                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4548821                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1466187                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1190890                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1215586                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3264                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23598                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1764                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        36535                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         10901                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1291232                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123880                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66635                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          738                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11048                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11706                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        22754                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1193309                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       105108                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             171033                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         166548                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            65925                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.515722                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1190985                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1190890                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          709024                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1855332                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.514676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382155                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       887793                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1089276                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       201971                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          302                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        20100                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2082317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341733                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1637287     78.63%     78.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206694      9.93%     88.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86394      4.15%     92.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51717      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35803      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23257      1.12%     98.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12272      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9630      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19263      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2082317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       887793                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1089276                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               165153                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              100282                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           155897                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          982007                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        22153                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        19263                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3354288                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2619035                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 29460                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                195011                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            887793                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1089276                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       887793                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.606309                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.606309                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.383684                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.383684                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5382457                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1656007                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1209331                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         185950                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152401                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20074                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76497                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71085                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18829                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          901                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1785698                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1060679                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            185950                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        89914                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              232250                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         57005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        62263                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          111507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19793                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2116838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613103                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1884588     89.03%     89.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          24614      1.16%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          29112      1.38%     91.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          15783      0.75%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          17733      0.84%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          10503      0.50%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6921      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          17993      0.85%     94.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         109591      5.18%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2116838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.080363                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.458402                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1770551                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        78023                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          230131                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1903                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        36227                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        30019                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          378                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1293138                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2070                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        36227                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1773817                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         14692                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        54890                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          228821                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8388                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1291309                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1797691                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6010378                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6010378                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1510321                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         287340                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           23803                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       123585                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        66590                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1707                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        14064                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1287912                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          356                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1210590                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1426                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173586                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       403319                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           54                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2116838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.571886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1606562     75.89%     75.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205650      9.71%     85.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110043      5.20%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76358      3.61%     94.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66760      3.15%     97.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33601      1.59%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8345      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5487      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4032      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2116838                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           326     12.32%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1122     42.39%     54.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1199     45.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1014124     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18745      1.55%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111718      9.23%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65856      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1210590                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.523190                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2647                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002187                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4542089                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1461897                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1188732                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1213237                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3199                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23415                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1792                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        36227                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         10488                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1114                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1288274                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123585                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66590                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          205                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          745                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11064                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11556                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        22620                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1191102                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104965                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19486                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             170783                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         166275                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            65818                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.514768                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1188830                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1188732                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          707793                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1851680                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.513743                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382244                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       886910                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1088184                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       200097                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          302                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        19995                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2080611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523012                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1635856     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206513      9.93%     88.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86422      4.15%     92.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51730      2.49%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35828      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23264      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12179      0.59%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9621      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19198      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2080611                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       886910                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1088184                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               164968                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              100170                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           155744                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          981027                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        22135                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        19198                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3349681                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2612810                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 29360                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                197025                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            886910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1088184                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       886910                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.608904                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.608904                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.383303                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.383303                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5372872                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1653016                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1206708                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          302                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         179989                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146726                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19050                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74022                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68708                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17947                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          835                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1744454                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1064616                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            179989                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        86655                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              218465                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         59586                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        54908                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          109011                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19091                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2057674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628862                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1839209     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          11467      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18363      0.89%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          27524      1.34%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          11484      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          13597      0.66%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          14460      0.70%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          10014      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         111556      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2057674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077787                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460103                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1722999                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        77010                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          216851                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1271                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        39540                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        29241                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1290179                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1056                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        39540                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1727146                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         37024                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        26993                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          214102                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        12866                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1287417                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2558                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         6471                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          911                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1762687                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6001177                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6001177                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1451346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         311328                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          279                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           37791                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       130064                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        71991                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3604                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        13898                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1282999                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          278                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1197197                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1847                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198468                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       455562                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2057674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581821                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1548045     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206569     10.04%     85.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114096      5.54%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        74934      3.64%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68659      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21459      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15108      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5377      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3427      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2057674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1195     40.77%     52.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1406     47.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       985730     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22046      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          133      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118668      9.91%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70620      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1197197                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.517402                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2931                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002448                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4456843                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1481807                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1175214                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1200128                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5689                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27287                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4761                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          949                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        39540                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         26846                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1452                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1283277                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           58                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130064                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71991                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          146                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          748                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10324                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11726                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        22050                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1179746                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112281                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             182766                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         159891                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            70485                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.509860                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1175314                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1175214                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          695349                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1764281                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.507901                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.394126                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       869431                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1060387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223781                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        19384                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2018134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1588403     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204474     10.13%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85045      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43525      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32663      1.62%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18441      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11393      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9487      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24703      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2018134                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       869431                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1060387                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               170007                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              102777                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           147253                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          958742                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        20695                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        24703                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3277599                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2607891                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 31290                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                256189                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            869431                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1060387                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       869431                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.661353                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.661353                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.375749                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.375749                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5355092                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1606976                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1222682                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         179625                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146526                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19195                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73242                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68327                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17788                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          837                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1738971                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1062205                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            179625                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        86115                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              217860                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         60151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        57155                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          108839                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19220                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2054253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1836393     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          11438      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          18486      0.90%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          27124      1.32%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          11494      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          13643      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          14127      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           9970      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         111578      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2054253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077630                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459061                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1717339                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        79443                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          216168                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1339                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        39961                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        29099                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          307                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1287295                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1072                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        39961                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1721615                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         37086                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        28948                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          213366                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        13274                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1284364                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          636                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         6667                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          984                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1757751                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5986449                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5986449                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1444044                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         313698                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          278                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           38646                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       129846                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        71578                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3590                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        13801                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1279588                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          278                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1192890                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1753                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       199389                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       459392                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2054253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1546570     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205821     10.02%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113324      5.52%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        74895      3.65%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68391      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21460      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15055      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5354      0.26%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3383      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2054253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           338     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1242     41.37%     52.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1422     47.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       982589     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21928      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          132      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       117999      9.89%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70242      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1192890                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.515540                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3002                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002517                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4444788                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1479317                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1170744                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1195892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5729                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27533                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4651                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          959                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        39961                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         27825                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1423                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1279866                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129846                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71578                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          146                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          707                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10366                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11951                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        22317                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1175270                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111743                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17620                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             181844                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         159171                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            70101                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.507925                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1170835                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1170744                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          692892                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1758753                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.505969                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.393968                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       865194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1055126                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       225754                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        19530                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2014292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1586696     78.77%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       203653     10.11%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84449      4.19%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43186      2.14%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32543      1.62%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18330      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11427      0.57%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9431      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24577      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2014292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       865194                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1055126                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               169236                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              102309                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           146476                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          953999                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        20575                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        24577                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3270595                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2601736                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 31311                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                259610                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            865194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1055126                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       865194                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.674386                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.674386                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.373918                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.373918                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5334542                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1600740                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1219451                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         209970                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175018                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20744                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79581                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74444                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22081                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          939                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1814875                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1151722                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            209970                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        96525                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              238800                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         58844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        54046                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          114298                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19776                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2145630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.660200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.040922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1906830     88.87%     88.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          14267      0.66%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          17965      0.84%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          29153      1.36%     91.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          12161      0.57%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          15619      0.73%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          18140      0.85%     93.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           8650      0.40%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         122845      5.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2145630                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090744                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.497749                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1804275                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        65917                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          237573                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        37689                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        31598                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1406800                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1320                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        37689                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1806635                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          5702                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        54628                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          235360                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         5615                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1397245                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          777                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         3858                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1951415                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6493948                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6493948                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1596897                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         354488                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          330                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           21121                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       132356                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        67439                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          774                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        14860                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1361315                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          332                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1294599                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1689                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186337                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       394804                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2145630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603365                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1599081     74.53%     74.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248008     11.56%     86.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       101515      4.73%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57651      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77783      3.63%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24419      1.14%     98.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23829      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12345      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          999      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2145630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9066     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1255     10.93%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1165     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1090757     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17558      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119053      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67073      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1294599                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.559497                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11486                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4748002                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1548004                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1258609                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306085                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          986                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28438                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1389                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        37689                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          4219                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          566                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1361649                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          954                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132356                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67439                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          506                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11416                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12127                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        23543                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1270444                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116603                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24154                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             183642                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         178930                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            67039                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.549058                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1258649                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1258609                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          754318                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2028579                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.543943                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       929123                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1145052                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       216602                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          321                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        20702                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2107941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363027                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1623250     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       245764     11.66%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89069      4.23%     92.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44316      2.10%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40615      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17244      0.82%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16909      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8124      0.39%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22650      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2107941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       929123                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1145052                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               169968                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              103918                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           165989                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1030914                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        23661                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        22650                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3446932                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2761010                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 29430                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                168233                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            929123                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1145052                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       929123                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.490373                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.490373                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.401546                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.401546                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5715353                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1760257                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1299316                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         174809                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156788                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15380                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       118171                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114653                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9580                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          467                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1855525                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts               998786                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            174809                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       124233                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              221207                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         51030                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        21638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          113538                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14897                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2133944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.520976                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1912737     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          34506      1.62%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          16317      0.76%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          33829      1.59%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4           9365      0.44%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          31602      1.48%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           4575      0.21%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           7917      0.37%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          83096      3.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2133944                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.075549                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431653                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1843319                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        34525                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          220625                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          234                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        35235                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        15467                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          339                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1107458                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1529                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        35235                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1845057                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         19051                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        10626                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          218969                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         5000                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1105126                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         3646                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1441220                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      4995326                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      4995326                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1135129                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         306082                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          136                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           69                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           13309                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       207737                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        29886                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          294                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         6317                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1097924                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          137                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1016003                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          861                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220519                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       470740                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2133944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1691398     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132456      6.21%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       153923      7.21%     92.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87233      4.09%     96.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44430      2.08%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11604      0.54%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12304      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          330      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          266      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2133944                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1665     57.73%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          662     22.95%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          557     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       791368     77.89%     77.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7380      0.73%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187712     18.48%     97.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29476      2.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1016003                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.439094                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2884                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4169695                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1318588                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       987767                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1018887                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          806                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45864                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1158                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        35235                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         14117                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          628                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1098061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           55                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207737                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29886                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           69                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          342                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9441                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6693                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        16134                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1002657                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185111                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13346                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             214578                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         152541                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            29467                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.433326                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent               988196                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count              987767                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          599579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1273635                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.426891                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.470762                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       784338                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       875318                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222784                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        15111                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2098709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287954                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1776300     84.64%     84.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124101      5.91%     90.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82092      3.91%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25356      1.21%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44289      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7937      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5192      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4564      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28878      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2098709                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       784338                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       875318                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               190596                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              161868                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           134921                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          762778                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        10244                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        28878                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3167933                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2231460                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 43590                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                179919                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            784338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              875318                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       784338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.950084                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.950084                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.338973                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.338973                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        4671149                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1280925                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1187158                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2313863                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         179853                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146683                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19052                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74132                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68509                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17859                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          826                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1741084                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1062923                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            179853                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        86368                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              218064                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         59462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        60802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          108813                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19087                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2059674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.993576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1841610     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          11500      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          18224      0.88%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          27501      1.34%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          11463      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          13520      0.66%     93.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          14337      0.70%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          10019      0.49%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         111500      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2059674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077728                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.459372                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1719368                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        83174                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          216432                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        39417                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        29173                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1288239                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        39417                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1723635                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         39641                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        30354                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          213585                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        13039                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1285503                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         6551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          920                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1759916                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5991655                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5991655                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1450079                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         309837                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          282                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          150                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           38271                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       129975                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        71821                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3583                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        14001                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1280907                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          282                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1195080                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1828                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197960                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       455787                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2059674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1550903     75.30%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206356     10.02%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113795      5.52%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        74826      3.63%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68403      3.32%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21451      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15161      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5409      0.26%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3370      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2059674                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           340     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1205     41.30%     52.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1373     47.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       984180     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22012      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          132      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118469      9.91%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70287      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1195080                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.516487                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2918                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002442                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4454580                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1479212                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1172927                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1197998                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5495                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27296                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4672                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          938                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        39417                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         29274                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1480                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1281189                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           71                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129975                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71821                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          150                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          772                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10285                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11757                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        22042                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177498                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112065                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17582                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             182214                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         159631                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            70149                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.508888                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1173017                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1172927                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          694587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1762125                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.506913                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394176                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868665                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1059392                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222779                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        19382                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2020257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524385                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1591079     78.76%     78.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204222     10.11%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84875      4.20%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43411      2.15%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32634      1.62%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18491      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11324      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9516      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24705      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2020257                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       868665                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1059392                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               169828                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              102679                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           147096                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          957820                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        20657                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24705                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3277723                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2603766                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 31150                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                254189                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            868665                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1059392                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       868665                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.663700                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.663700                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.375418                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.375418                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5344402                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1604239                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1220396                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4405                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32735.952243                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           819397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37148                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          22.057634                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1620.474889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.117218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   169.984075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.591482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    68.927004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.881164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    95.699719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.590485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    68.327617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.459314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    49.463429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    19.930785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    51.699519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.684197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   246.644833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.591001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    71.440901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.589932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    71.334821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.405450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    94.131382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.880109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    99.346079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.684459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   251.230060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.679800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   250.022414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.027023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    49.303321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.045309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    87.299827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.682260                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   255.503390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2142.008239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1460.039152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1690.221325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1432.696923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1117.495610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1147.942845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          2645.214572                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1445.291061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1443.409259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1744.413065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1666.781132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2560.211068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2547.446450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1160.161713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2034.023653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2649.922908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.049453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.005188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.002103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.001510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.001578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.007527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.002180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.003032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.007667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.007630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.001505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.007797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.065369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.044557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.051581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.043722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.034103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.035032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.080726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.044107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.044049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.053235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.050866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.078131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.077742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.035405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.062073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.080869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          220                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          225                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    4969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             3051                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  3051                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4983                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          402                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          234                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          227                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          223                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          442                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          230                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          335                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          322                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          432                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          424                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          228                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4983                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          136                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          157                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 181                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          310                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          196                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          310                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          136                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          196                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          107                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          542                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          188                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          199                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          540                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          549                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          106                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          157                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          541                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4385                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2171234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     47105034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2141640                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     20484755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3818971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     29400521                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2298360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20268887                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4563996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15887703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4053974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16322845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1841835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     74965716                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2116423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     21473596                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2281487                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     21120334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3664856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     27771930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3729217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29795008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1956465                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     74715792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1996761                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     75015633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4623240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16025696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1940028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23520616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2052115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     75223806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       634348474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       156236                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6553922                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       150014                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       161800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6448528                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      6813577                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      6812479                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      27096556                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2171234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     47105034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2141640                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     20484755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3818971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     29556757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2298360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20268887                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4563996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15887703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4053974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16322845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1841835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     81519638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2116423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     21473596                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2281487                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     21120334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3664856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     27921944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3729217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29956808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1956465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     81164320                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1996761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     81829210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4623240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16025696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1940028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23520616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2052115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     82036285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        661445030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2171234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     47105034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2141640                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     20484755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3818971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     29556757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2298360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     20268887                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4563996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15887703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4053974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16322845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1841835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     81519638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2116423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     21473596                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2281487                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     21120334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3664856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     27921944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3729217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     29956808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1956465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     81164320                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1996761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     81829210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      4623240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     16025696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1940028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23520616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2052115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     82036285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       661445030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          928                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          940                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         3051                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              3051                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               195                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          330                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9368                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          330                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          399                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9368                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.435393                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.367568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.376448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362162                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.318182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.327217                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.529286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.378378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359615                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.382239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.534984                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.543103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.320242                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.527660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.458302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.928205                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.435393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.367568                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.376200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.316265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.324242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.550813                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.378378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.381958                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.555556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.564234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.317365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.549239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.468083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.435393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.367568                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.376200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.316265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.324242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.550813                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.378378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.381958                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.555556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.564234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.317365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.549239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.468083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155088.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151951.722581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152974.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150623.198529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152758.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150771.902564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164168.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151260.350746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162999.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151311.457143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150147.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152549.953271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 141679.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150836.450704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151173.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151222.507042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162963.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150859.528571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152702.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 148512.994652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149168.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150479.838384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150497.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150333.585513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       153597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 148840.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159422.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151185.811321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149232.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149812.840764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       157855                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151660.899194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150891.644624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       156236                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 145642.711111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       150014                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       161800                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149965.767442                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151412.822222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151388.422222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149704.729282                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155088.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151951.722581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152974.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150623.198529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152758.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150799.780612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164168.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151260.350746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162999.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151311.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150147.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152549.953271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 141679.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150405.236162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151173.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151222.507042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162963.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150859.528571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152702.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 148520.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149168.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150536.723618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150497.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150304.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       153597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149051.384335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159422.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151185.811321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149232.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149812.840764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       157855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151638.234750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150842.652223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155088.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151951.722581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 152974.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 150623.198529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 152758.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150799.780612                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164168.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151260.350746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 162999.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151311.457143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 150147.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152549.953271                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 141679.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 150405.236162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 151173.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 151222.507042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 162963.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150859.528571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 152702.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 148520.978723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 149168.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150536.723618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 150497.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150304.296296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       153597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149051.384335                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 159422.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151185.811321                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149232.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 149812.840764                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       157855                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151638.234750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150842.652223                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2193                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2193                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          142                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            181                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          196                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          542                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          142                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          549                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1356327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29059526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1329164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12568928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2363842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18051959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1485684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12468536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2937593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9776529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2482616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10086058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1085595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     46033100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1303264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     13206838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1469655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     12975043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2271686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16892885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2275119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18264786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1201655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     45795392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1242066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     45682243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2938086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9854024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1185068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14375892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1297264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     46368688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    389685111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        98436                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      3928685                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        91704                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       103001                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      3944411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4189147                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4195091                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16550475                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1356327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29059526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1329164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12568928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2363842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18150395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1485684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12468536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2937593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9776529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2482616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10086058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1085595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     49961785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1303264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     13206838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1469655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     12975043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2271686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16984589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2275119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18367787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1201655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     49739803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1242066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     49871390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2938086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9854024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1185068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14375892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1297264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     50563779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    406235586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1356327                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29059526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1329164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     12568928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2363842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18150395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1485684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12468536                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2937593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9776529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2482616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10086058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1085595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     49961785                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1303264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     13206838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1469655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     12975043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2271686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16984589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2275119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     18367787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1201655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     49739803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1242066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     49871390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2938086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      9854024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1185068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14375892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1297264                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     50563779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    406235586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.435393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.367568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.376448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362162                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.318182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.327217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.529286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.378378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359615                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.382239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.534984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.543103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.320242                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.527660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.458302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.928205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.435393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.367568                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.376200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362162                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.316265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.324242                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.550813                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383784                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.378378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.381958                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.555556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.564234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.317365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.549239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.468083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.435393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.367568                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.376200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.362162                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.316265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.324242                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.550813                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.383784                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.378378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.359465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.381958                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.555556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.564234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.317365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.549239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.468083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96880.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93740.406452                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94940.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92418.588235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94553.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92574.148718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 106120.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93048.776119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104914.035714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93109.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 91948.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94262.224299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 83507.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92621.931590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93090.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93005.901408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 104975.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92678.878571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94653.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90336.283422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91004.760000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92246.393939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        92435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92143.645875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95543.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 90639.371032                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101313.310345                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92962.490566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91159.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91566.191083                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99789.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93485.258065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92693.889391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        98436                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 87304.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        91704                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       103001                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91730.488372                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93092.155556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93224.244444                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91439.088398                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96880.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93740.406452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94940.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92418.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94553.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92604.056122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 106120.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93048.776119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104914.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93109.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 91948.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94262.224299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 83507.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92180.415129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93090.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93005.901408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 104975.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92678.878571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94653.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90343.558511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91004.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92300.437186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        92435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92110.746296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95543.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 90840.418944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101313.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92962.490566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91159.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91566.191083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99789.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93463.547135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92642.094869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 96880.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93740.406452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 94940.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 92418.588235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 94553.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92604.056122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 106120.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93048.776119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 104914.035714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93109.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 91948.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94262.224299                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 83507.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92180.415129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 93090.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93005.901408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 104975.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92678.878571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94653.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 90343.558511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 91004.760000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92300.437186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst        92435                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 92110.746296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 95543.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 90840.418944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 101313.310345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 92962.490566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91159.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 91566.191083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 99789.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93463.547135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92642.094869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.116331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.741472                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.116331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110608                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110608                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2580785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2580785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2580785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2580785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2580785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2580785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110624                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161299.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161299.062500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161299.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161299.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 161299.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161299.062500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2343526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2343526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2343526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2343526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2343526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2343526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167394.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167394.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167394.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167394.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 167394.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167394.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  712                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231246                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             290528.146694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.918174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.081826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.394212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.605788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2538                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    304392415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    304392415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    304392415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    304392415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    304392415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    304392415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119933.969661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119933.969661                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119933.969661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119933.969661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 119933.969661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119933.969661                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             113                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1826                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1826                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1826                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          712                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79044481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79044481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79044481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79044481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79044481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79044481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002515                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111017.529494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111017.529494                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111017.529494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111017.529494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 111017.529494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111017.529494                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              488.590639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              731806721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1496537.261759                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.590639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.021780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       113055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113055                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       113055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         113055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       113055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        113055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2508768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2508768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2508768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2508768                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2508768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2508768                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       113070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       113070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       113070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       113070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       113070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167251.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167251.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167251.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167251.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 167251.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167251.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2265341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2265341                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2265341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2265341                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2265341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2265341                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161810.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161810.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161810.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161810.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 161810.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161810.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              110531436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             176567.789137                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   139.873949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   116.126051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.546383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.453617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        76348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        63642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63642                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       139990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         139990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       139990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        139990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    149618359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149618359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    149618359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    149618359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    149618359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    149618359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        77576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        63642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63642                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       141218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       141218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121839.054560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121839.054560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121839.054560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121839.054560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121839.054560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121839.054560                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37652508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37652508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37652508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37652508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     37652508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37652508                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101763.535135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101763.535135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101763.535135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101763.535135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101763.535135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101763.535135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              501.359785                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              732326644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1441587.881890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.359785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.031025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       111495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       111495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         111495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       111495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        111495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5299344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5299344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5299344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5299344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5299344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5299344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       111526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       111526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       111526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       111526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       111526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170946.580645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170946.580645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170946.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170946.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 170946.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170946.580645                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4478838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4478838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4478838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4478838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4478838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4478838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       172263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       172263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst       172263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  521                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              115427426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             148555.245817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   157.960828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    98.039172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.617034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.382966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        76660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        64389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       141049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         141049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       141049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        141049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           48                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    221011817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    221011817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4713047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4713047                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    225724864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    225724864                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    225724864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    225724864                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        78394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        64437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64437                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       142831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       142831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000745                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000745                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 127457.795271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127457.795271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 98188.479167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98188.479167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126669.396184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126669.396184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 126669.396184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126669.396184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     54597190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54597190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       318376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       318376                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     54915566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54915566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     54915566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54915566                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105399.980695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105399.980695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 106125.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106125.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105404.157390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105404.157390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 105404.157390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105404.157390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              488.589626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              731806697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1496537.212679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.589626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       113031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       113031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         113031                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       113031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        113031                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2747906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2747906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2747906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2747906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2747906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2747906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       113046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       113046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       113046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       113046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       113046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 183193.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183193.733333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 183193.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183193.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 183193.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183193.733333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2457547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2457547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2457547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2457547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2457547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2457547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175539.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175539.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175539.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175539.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 175539.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175539.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              110531659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             176568.145367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   139.891412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   116.108588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.546451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.453549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        76476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        63737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63737                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       140213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         140213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       140213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        140213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    148854544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148854544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    148854544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    148854544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    148854544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    148854544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        77688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        63737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       141425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       141425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122817.280528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122817.280528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122817.280528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122817.280528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 122817.280528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122817.280528                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          842                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          842                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     37803258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37803258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     37803258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37803258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     37803258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37803258                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102170.967568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102170.967568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102170.967568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102170.967568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102170.967568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102170.967568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              476.559768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              735275113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1516031.160825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.559768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.034551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.763718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       114272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       114272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         114272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       114272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        114272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6651181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6651181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6651181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6651181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6651181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6651181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       114312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       114312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       114312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       114312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       114312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166279.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166279.525000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166279.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166279.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166279.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166279.525000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5246723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5246723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5246723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5246723                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5246723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5246723                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174890.766667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174890.766667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174890.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174890.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 174890.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174890.766667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              106621180                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             181328.537415                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   124.262202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   131.737798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.485399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.514601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        89402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        65723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65723                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       155125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         155125                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       155125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        155125                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     92210351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92210351                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       950265                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       950265                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     93160616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     93160616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     93160616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     93160616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        90259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        65730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65730                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       155989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       155989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       155989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       155989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009495                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107596.675613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107596.675613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 135752.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135752.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107824.787037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107824.787037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 107824.787037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107824.787037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     32849980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32849980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       220800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       220800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33070780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33070780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33070780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33070780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99545.393939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99545.393939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       110400                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       110400                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99610.783133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99610.783133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99610.783133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99610.783133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              476.034400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              735275016                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1519163.256198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.034400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.033709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.762876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       114175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       114175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         114175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       114175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        114175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6526202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6526202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6526202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6526202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6526202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6526202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       114216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       114216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       114216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       114216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       114216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159175.658537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159175.658537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159175.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159175.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 159175.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159175.658537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4913255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4913255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4913255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4913255                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4913255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4913255                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169422.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169422.586207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169422.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169422.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 169422.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169422.586207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  330                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              106621762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             181948.399317                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   124.199963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   131.800037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.485156                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.514844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        89824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        65898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       155722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         155722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       155722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        155722                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total          864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total          864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     92056732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92056732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1265614                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1265614                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     93322346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     93322346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     93322346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     93322346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        90676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        65910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65910                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       156586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156586                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       156586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156586                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005518                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005518                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108047.807512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108047.807512                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105467.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105467.833333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108011.974537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108011.974537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 108011.974537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108011.974537                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     32333129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32333129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       249686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       249686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     32582815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32582815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     32582815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32582815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98878.070336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98878.070336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 83228.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83228.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98735.803030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98735.803030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 98735.803030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98735.803030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.683397                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              735399886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1464940.011952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.683397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       108899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        108899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       108899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         108899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       108899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        108899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2237244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2237244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2237244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2237244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2237244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2237244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       108915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       108915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       108915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       108915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       108915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       108915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 139827.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 139827.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 139827.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139827.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 139827.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139827.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1965365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1965365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1965365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1965365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      1965365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1965365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151181.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151181.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151181.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151181.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151181.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 151181.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  984                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              122588627                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             98861.795968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   190.095327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    65.904673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.742560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.257440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        82167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82167                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        66407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66407                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       148574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         148574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       148574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        148574                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          370                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    302587044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    302587044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     62737000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     62737000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    365324044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    365324044                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    365324044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    365324044                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        84409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        66777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66777                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005541                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005541                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 134962.999108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134962.999108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 169559.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169559.459459                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 139863.722818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139863.722818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 139863.722818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139863.722818                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          325                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1628                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1628                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    111676218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111676218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      7007233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7007233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    118683451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118683451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    118683451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118683451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000674                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000674                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118931.009585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118931.009585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 155716.288889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 155716.288889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120613.263211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120613.263211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120613.263211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120613.263211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              488.590146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              731806575                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1496536.963190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.590146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       112909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        112909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       112909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         112909                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       112909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        112909                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2525457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2525457                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2525457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2525457                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2525457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2525457                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       112924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       112924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       112924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       112924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       112924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168363.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168363.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168363.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168363.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 168363.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168363.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2264927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2264927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2264927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2264927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2264927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2264927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161780.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161780.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161780.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161780.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161780.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161780.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              110531636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             176568.108626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   139.864824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   116.135176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.546347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.453653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        76414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        63776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63776                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       140190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         140190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       140190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        140190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    149504505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149504505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    149504505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    149504505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    149504505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    149504505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        77636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        63776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       141412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       141412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008641                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008641                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122344.112111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122344.112111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122344.112111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122344.112111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122344.112111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122344.112111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     38469951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38469951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     38469951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38469951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     38469951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38469951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103972.840541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103972.840541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103972.840541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103972.840541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 103972.840541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103972.840541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              488.589051                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              731806559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1496536.930470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.589051                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.021777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       112893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        112893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       112893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         112893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       112893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        112893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2699147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2699147                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2699147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2699147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2699147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2699147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       112908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       112908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       112908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       112908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       112908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       112908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179943.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179943.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179943.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179943.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179943.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179943.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2443759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2443759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2443759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2443759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2443759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2443759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 174554.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174554.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 174554.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174554.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 174554.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 174554.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              110531604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             176568.057508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   139.843838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   116.156162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.546265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.453735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        76398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        63760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63760                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       140158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         140158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       140158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        140158                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    152151184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152151184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    152151184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    152151184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    152151184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    152151184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        77620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        63760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63760                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       141380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141380                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       141380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141380                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124509.970540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124509.970540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124509.970540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124509.970540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 124509.970540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124509.970540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     38713679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38713679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     38713679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38713679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     38713679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38713679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104631.564865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104631.564865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104631.564865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104631.564865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104631.564865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104631.564865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              500.884495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              732326853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1444431.662722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.884495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.030264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       111704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       111704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         111704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       111704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        111704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5093467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5093467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5093467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5093467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5093467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5093467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       111736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       111736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       111736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       111736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       111736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159170.843750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159170.843750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159170.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159170.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 159170.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159170.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4231062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4231062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4231062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4231062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      4231062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4231062                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169242.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169242.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169242.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169242.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169242.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169242.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  523                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              115427482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             148173.917843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   157.995902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    98.004098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.617171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.382829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        76595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        64499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64499                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       141094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         141094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       141094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        141094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    217193644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    217193644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5433652                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5433652                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    222627296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222627296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    222627296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222627296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        78339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        64546                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64546                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          168                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       142885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142885                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       142885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142885                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124537.639908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124537.639908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 115609.617021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115609.617021                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124303.347850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124303.347850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 124303.347850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124303.347850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1268                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     52998705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52998705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       294657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       294657                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     53293362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53293362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     53293362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53293362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101920.586538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101920.586538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        98219                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        98219                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101899.353728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101899.353728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 101899.353728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101899.353728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              501.358462                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              732326621                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1441587.836614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.358462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.031023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       111472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       111472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         111472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       111472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        111472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5259917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5259917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5259917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5259917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      5259917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5259917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       111507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       111507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       111507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       111507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       111507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150283.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150283.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150283.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150283.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 150283.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150283.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4201921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4201921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4201921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4201921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      4201921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4201921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161612.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161612.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161612.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161612.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 161612.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161612.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  521                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              115427383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             148555.190476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   157.918802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    98.081198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.616870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.383130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        76566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        64427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64427                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          151                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       140993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         140993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       140993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        140993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1769                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1769                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    219388364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    219388364                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      5717096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5717096                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    225105460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    225105460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    225105460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    225105460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        78288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          151                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       142762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       142762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000729                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000729                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 127403.231127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127403.231127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 121640.340426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121640.340426                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 127250.118711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127250.118711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 127250.118711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127250.118711                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             191                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          518                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     54613699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54613699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       348071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       348071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     54961770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54961770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     54961770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54961770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105431.851351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105431.851351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 116023.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116023.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105492.840691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105492.840691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 105492.840691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105492.840691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              501.683640                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              735399982                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1464940.203187                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.683640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.020326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       108995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        108995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       108995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         108995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       108995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        108995                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2382264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2382264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2382264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2382264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2382264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2382264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       109011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       109011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       109011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       109011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       109011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       109011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148891.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 148891.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148891.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 148891.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 148891.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 148891.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2101895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2101895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2101895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2101895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2101895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2101895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161684.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161684.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161684.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161684.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161684.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161684.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  972                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              122589004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             99828.179153                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   190.033908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    65.966092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.742320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.257680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        82381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        66570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       148951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         148951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       148951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        148951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2196                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2506                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2506                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    291139070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    291139070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     56107328                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     56107328                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    347246398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    347246398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    347246398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    347246398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        84577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        66880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       151457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       151457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.025965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004635                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004635                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.016546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.016546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 132576.989982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132576.989982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 180991.380645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180991.380645                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 138566.000798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138566.000798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 138566.000798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138566.000798                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1534                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    110235857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110235857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6896423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6896423                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    117132280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117132280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    117132280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117132280                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000643                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000643                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006418                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006418                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 118660.771798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118660.771798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 160381.930233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160381.930233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120506.460905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120506.460905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 120506.460905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120506.460905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              501.678999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              735399810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1464939.860558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.678999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.020319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       108823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        108823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       108823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         108823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       108823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        108823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2436874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2436874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2436874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2436874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2436874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2436874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       108839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       108839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       108839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       108839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       108839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       108839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152304.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152304.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152304.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152304.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 152304.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152304.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2127552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2127552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2127552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2127552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2127552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2127552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163657.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163657.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163657.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163657.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163657.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163657.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  973                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              122588185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             99746.285598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   189.805647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    66.194353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.741428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.258572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        81893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        66239                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66239                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       148132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         148132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       148132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        148132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          338                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          338                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2542                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2542                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    292226203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    292226203                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     60448690                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     60448690                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    352674893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    352674893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    352674893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    352674893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        84097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        66577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       150674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       150674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       150674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       150674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.026208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026208                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 132589.021325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132589.021325                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 178842.278107                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 178842.278107                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 138739.139654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138739.139654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 138739.139654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138739.139654                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             445                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    110010011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110010011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7276559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7276559                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    117286570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117286570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    117286570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117286570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000676                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118545.270474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118545.270474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 161701.311111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161701.311111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120541.181912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120541.181912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120541.181912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120541.181912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              477.129412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              735275098                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  486                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1512911.724280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.129412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.035464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.764630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       114257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114257                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       114257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         114257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       114257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        114257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7100309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7100309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7100309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7100309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7100309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7100309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       114298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       114298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       114298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       114298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       114298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173178.268293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173178.268293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173178.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173178.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 173178.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173178.268293                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5669730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5669730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5669730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5669730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5669730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5669730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 182894.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182894.516129                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 182894.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182894.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 182894.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182894.516129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  334                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              106621286                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  590                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             180714.044068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   124.427587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   131.572413                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.486045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.513955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        89531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        65715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       155246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         155246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       155246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        155246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          859                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total          867                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total          867                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     92389329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92389329                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       807404                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       807404                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     93196733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     93196733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     93196733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     93196733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        90390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        65723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       156113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       156113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107554.515716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107554.515716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100925.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100925.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107493.348328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107493.348328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 107493.348328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107493.348328                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          533                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          334                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          334                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     32780610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32780610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       224927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       224927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     33005537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33005537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     33005537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33005537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 99035.075529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99035.075529                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 74975.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74975.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98818.973054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98818.973054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98818.973054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98818.973054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              538.044526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              627180066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1163599.380334                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.044526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.019302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       113525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       113525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         113525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       113525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        113525                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2184428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2184428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2184428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2184428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2184428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2184428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       113538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       113538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       113538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       113538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       113538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168032.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168032.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168032.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168032.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 168032.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168032.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2048728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2048728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2048728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2048728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2048728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2048728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157594.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157594.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157594.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157594.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 157594.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 157594.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  399                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              147679749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             225465.265649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   137.396188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   118.603812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.536704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.463296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       170770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        28593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       199363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         199363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       199363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        199363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    149940118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149940118                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    149940118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    149940118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    149940118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    149940118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       172143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        28593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28593                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       200736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       200736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.007976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.007976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006840                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006840                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109206.203933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109206.203933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109206.203933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109206.203933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 109206.203933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109206.203933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          974                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     41636482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41636482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     41636482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41636482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     41636482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41636482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104352.085213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104352.085213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104352.085213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104352.085213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 104352.085213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104352.085213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              501.681465                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              735399785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1464939.810757                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.681465                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.020323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       108798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        108798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       108798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         108798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       108798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        108798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2421074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2421074                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2421074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2421074                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2421074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2421074                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       108813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       108813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       108813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       108813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       108813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       108813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161404.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161404.933333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161404.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161404.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161404.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161404.933333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2176577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2176577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2176577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2176577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2176577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2176577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       167429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       167429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       167429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       167429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       167429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       167429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  985                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              122588851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             98782.313457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   190.439480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    65.560520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.743904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.256096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        82339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        66459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66459                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       148798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         148798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       148798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        148798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          340                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          340                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2578                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    302218091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    302218091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     61170191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     61170191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    363388282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    363388282                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    363388282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    363388282                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        84577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84577                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        66799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66799                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       151376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       151376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.026461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026461                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.017030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.017030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 135039.361483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 135039.361483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 179912.326471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179912.326471                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 140957.440652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140957.440652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 140957.440652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140957.440652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             455                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    111577731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111577731                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7286152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7286152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    118863883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118863883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    118863883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118863883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000674                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000674                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 118699.713830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118699.713830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 161914.488889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161914.488889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120673.992893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120673.992893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120673.992893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120673.992893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
