
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.013200                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 13200445248                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               578498877075                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 380323                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   485983                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 292838                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67758048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 45077.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17144031699                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21906947494                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       255488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       264704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       255488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       176640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       519552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       259328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       176640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       516736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       137216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       137472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       176512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       448128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       176000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       258304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       255872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4341888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           73088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1306112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1306112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         2068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1996                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         4059                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2026                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         1380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         4037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         1072                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         3501                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         2018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1999                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 33921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       290899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     19354499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       368472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20052657                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       300596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     19296319                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       271506                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     19354499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       378169                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13381367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       358776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     39358672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       358776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     19645398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       416956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13381367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       310293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39145346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     10394801                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       349079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     10414194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       387866                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13371670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       329686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33947946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       416956                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13332884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       339382                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19567825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       310293                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     19383589                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               328919814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       290899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       368472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       300596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       271506                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       378169                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       358776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       358776                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       416956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       310293                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       349079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       387866                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       329686                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       416956                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       339382                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       310293                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5536783                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          98944541                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               98944541                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          98944541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       290899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     19354499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       368472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20052657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       300596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     19296319                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       271506                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     19354499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       378169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13381367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       358776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     39358672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       358776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     19645398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       416956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13381367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       310293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39145346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     10394801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       349079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     10414194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       387866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13371670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       329686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33947946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       416956                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13332884                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       339382                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19567825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       310293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     19383589                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              427864356                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2183319                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1953414                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175165                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1463491                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1434636                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128375                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5264                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23127527                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             12412067                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2183319                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1563011                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2768121                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        576681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       917085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1400418                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171587                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     27213311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       24445190     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         426058      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         210894      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         420476      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         130975      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         390012      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          60417      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          96676      0.36%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1032613      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     27213311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068971                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.392095                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       22926981                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1123276                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2762418                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2292                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       398340                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       202800                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     13858543                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         5104                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       398340                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       22950635                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        710731                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       338976                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2738710                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        75915                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     13837402                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        10615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        56993                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     18110487                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     62673192                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     62673192                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     14646430                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        3464039                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         1829                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          179195                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      2518592                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       398615                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3312                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        90435                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         13765548                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        12876218                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8731                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2513216                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5163571                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27213311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21569661     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1753691      6.44%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1915777      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1100628      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       561058      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140504      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       164871      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3857      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3264      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27213311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21159     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8678     23.45%     80.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7172     19.38%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10083378     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99336      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          901      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2297517     17.84%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395086      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     12876218                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.406758                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37009                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002874                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53011486                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16280649                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12547063                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     12913227                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10115                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       515634                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10308                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       398340                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        628154                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9038                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13767398                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2518592                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       398615                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4576                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          235                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67917                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       185441                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12713626                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2264979                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162591                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            2660028                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1934084                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           395049                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.401621                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             12550063                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            12547063                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7599969                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        16461181                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.396360                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.461690                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     11236447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2531480                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       173890                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26814971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419036                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22641264     84.44%     84.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1632437      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1055986      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331112      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       555306      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105796      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67494      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61074      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364502      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26814971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     11236447                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              2391262                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             2002955                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1725938                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         9812683                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       138175                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       364502                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           40218357                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          27934532                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                518703                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               4442434                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            11236447                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.165574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.165574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.315898                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.315898                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59130000                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      16327482                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      14753070                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2333363                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1913093                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       230830                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       952848                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         907555                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239066                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10268                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22296291                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             13272073                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2333363                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1146621                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2917371                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        656924                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2067508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1376096                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       229740                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     27703115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923948                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       24785744     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         316076      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         365021      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         200679      0.72%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         229734      0.83%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         126573      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          87269      0.32%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         226384      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1365635      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     27703115                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.073711                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.419263                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       22112350                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      2255205                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2892616                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        23335                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       419605                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       378976                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         2340                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     16204661                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        11861                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       419605                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       22148071                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        574221                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1582130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2880896                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        98188                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     16194215                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        23256                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        46318                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     22509596                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     75397950                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     75397950                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     19184485                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3325057                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         4153                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2281                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          268945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1547400                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       840827                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22304                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       186462                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         16164178                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4163                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        15269043                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21447                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2037091                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4714376                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          396                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27703115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21274021     76.79%     76.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2581790      9.32%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1390355      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       963226      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       841760      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       429592      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104848      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67407      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50116      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27703115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3797     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14350     43.53%     55.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14815     44.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12783083     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238486      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1868      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1410896      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       834710      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     15269043                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.482347                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32962                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58295610                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18205603                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15010845                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     15302005                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38170                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          175                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18921                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          935                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          592                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       419605                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        523684                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15380                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16168362                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6085                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1547400                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840827                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2282                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10902                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          175                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133016                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130065                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       263081                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15039706                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1324117                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       229337                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2158561                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        2104294                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           834444                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.475102                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             15011105                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            15010845                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         8921818                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        23376980                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.474190                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.381650                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11264741                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     13820789                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2347653                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3767                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       231938                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27283510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21637577     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2618261      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1097582      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       657959      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456996      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295085      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153627      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123068      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243355      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27283510                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     11264741                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     13820789                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2092718                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1270817                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1880                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1978320                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        12459692                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       281188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       243355                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           43208519                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          32756560                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                343646                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3952630                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          11264741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            13820789                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     11264741                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.810162                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.810162                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.355851                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.355851                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       67831851                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      20839790                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      15116472                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3762                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               31655743                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2189915                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1959798                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       176109                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1465092                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1440505                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128327                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5288                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23203124                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12447896                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2189915                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1568832                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2776735                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        579568                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       908427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1405361                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       172524                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     27290809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510164                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744259                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       24514074     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         426940      1.56%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         212163      0.78%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         422280      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         131423      0.48%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         391478      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          60547      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          96926      0.36%     96.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1034978      3.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     27290809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.069179                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.393227                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       23002203                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      1115031                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2771022                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2269                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       400280                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       203072                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred         2213                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13897773                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         5111                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       400280                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       23026032                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        701948                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       339389                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2747079                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        76077                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13876585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        10487                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        57271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     18159090                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     62844282                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     62844282                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     14679337                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3479753                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1831                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          179033                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      2527753                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       399364                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3268                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        90887                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13803261                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1835                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12912287                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2523966                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5183633                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27290809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085199                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21631316     79.26%     79.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1757899      6.44%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1921874      7.04%     92.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104275      4.05%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       562239      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140868      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165112      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3961      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3265      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27290809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21232     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8721     23.49%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7179     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10109419     78.29%     78.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99451      0.77%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2306925     17.87%     96.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395590      3.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12912287                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.407897                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37132                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53161856                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16329106                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12579531                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     12949419                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9949                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       518539                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           20                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10542                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       400280                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        618906                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9080                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13805111                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2527753                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399364                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4696                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          228                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118781                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67794                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       186575                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12747928                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2273272                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       164359                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2668821                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1938897                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           395549                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.402705                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12582409                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12579531                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         7618382                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        16490294                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.397385                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.461992                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10024922                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     11263014                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2542642                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       174829                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26890529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.418847                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22707529     84.44%     84.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1635941      6.08%     90.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1058493      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331085      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       557071      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       106080      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67641      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61210      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       365479      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26890529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10024922                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     11263014                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2398036                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             2009214                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1730204                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         9835417                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       138373                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       365479                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           40330667                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          28011927                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                520629                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               4364934                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10024922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            11263014                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10024922                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.157705                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.157705                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.316686                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.316686                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       59288311                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      16366848                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      14795616                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2187138                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1956665                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175524                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1461779                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1437370                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128488                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5245                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23167723                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             12431438                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2187138                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1565858                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2772343                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        578075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       900594                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1402961                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171985                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     27242267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744762                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       24469924     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         426689      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         211059      0.77%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         421129      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         131546      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         390643      1.43%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          60506      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          96821      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1033950      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     27242267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.069091                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.392707                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       22966746                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1107248                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2766708                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2198                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       399363                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       203332                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         2214                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     13879198                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         5098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       399363                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       22990430                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        700886                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       332788                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2742852                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        75944                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     13858240                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           36                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        10433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        57169                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     18137171                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     62764123                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     62764123                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     14666005                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3471156                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1842                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          941                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          178799                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      2523022                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       399177                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3325                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        91052                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         13785851                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1848                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        12894268                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8828                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2517835                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5174833                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           30                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27242267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473318                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21589854     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1757325      6.45%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1918473      7.04%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1101817      4.04%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       562251      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140241      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165115      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3881      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3310      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27242267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21279     57.24%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8713     23.44%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7181     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10097305     78.31%     78.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99501      0.77%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2301074     17.85%     96.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395486      3.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     12894268                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.407328                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37173                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002883                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53076804                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16305576                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12564961                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     12931441                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         9790                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       517172                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10358                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       399363                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        618061                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13787717                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1765                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2523022                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399177                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          940                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4596                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          231                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117894                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68022                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       185916                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12732251                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2269080                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162017                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2664534                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1937318                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           395454                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.402210                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             12567908                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            12564961                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7609877                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        16476069                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.396925                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.461875                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10013639                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     11251731                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2536528                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1818                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       174250                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26842904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286895                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22662719     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1635358      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1057645      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       330956      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       556563      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       106310      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67574      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61263      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       364516      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26842904                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10013639                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     11251731                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2394665                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             2005846                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1728333                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         9826001                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       138371                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       364516                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           40266608                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          27976219                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                519795                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               4413478                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10013639                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            11251731                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10013639                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.161263                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.161263                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.316329                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.316329                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       59214847                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      16350282                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      14776004                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2460501                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2013593                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       242448                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1012463                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         965864                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         253321                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11005                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23668669                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             13758121                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2460501                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1219185                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2870945                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        663347                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1213189                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1450511                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       242530                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     28170598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599773                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936255                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       25299653     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         134615      0.48%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         211818      0.75%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         286650      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         296289      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         250841      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         139537      0.50%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         208368      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1342827      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     28170598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077727                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.434617                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       23427556                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1456656                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2865537                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         3337                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       417511                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       404609                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     16880648                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1516                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       417511                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       23491823                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        197785                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1111660                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2805306                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       146510                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     16873728                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        21144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        63172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     23546579                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     78495082                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     78495082                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     20365584                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        3180990                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         4071                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2069                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          436201                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1581084                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       854630                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9940                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       245339                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         16850313                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4085                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        15985973                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2336                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1893383                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4545759                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28170598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567470                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258259                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21371996     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2822357     10.02%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1422928      5.05%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1049489      3.73%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       827507      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       338912      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211816      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110935      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14658      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28170598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3144     11.60%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10280     37.93%     49.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13675     50.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13444887     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238992      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2001      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1448313      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       851780      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     15985973                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.504994                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27099                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001695                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60171979                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18747858                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15742595                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     16013072                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       258327                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13225                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       417511                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        162693                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14248                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16854424                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1581084                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       854630                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2070                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12061                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140306                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       137335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       277641                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15762741                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1362394                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223232                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            2214108                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        2239980                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           851714                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.497943                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             15742727                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            15742595                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         9039795                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        24357355                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.497306                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371132                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11871883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     14607721                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2246721                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4035                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       245262                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27753087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.369094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21729342     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3000548     10.81%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1120153      4.04%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       534194      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       468882      1.69%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       258934      0.93%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       215923      0.78%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102339      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       322772      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27753087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     11871883                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     14607721                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              2164159                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1322754                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              2014                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          2106493                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        13161251                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       300756                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       322772                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           44284679                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          34126418                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                360946                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3485147                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          11871883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            14607721                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     11871883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.666447                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.666447                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.375031                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.375031                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       70934811                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      21933855                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15646358                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         4030                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2139438                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1929942                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       114157                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       806911                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         762203                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         117924                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5091                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22672661                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             13439023                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2139438                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       880127                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2656917                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        359517                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      3158182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1302473                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114454                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     28730293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       26073376     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          94140      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         193854      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          82364      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         441077      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         393323      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          75517      0.26%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         159387      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1217255      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     28730293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067585                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.424537                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       22444190                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      3388404                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2646894                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         8511                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       242289                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       188134                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     15756687                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1479                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       242289                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       22474261                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       3117514                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       169856                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2628639                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        97729                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     15746769                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           45                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        49707                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        32598                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          445                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     18494565                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     74150617                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     74150617                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     16364977                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2129576                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1846                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          942                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          229430                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      3712502                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      1876035                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17175                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        91482                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         15713998                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1851                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        15092235                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9155                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1237673                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2978346                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           32                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28730293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23313174     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1651398      5.75%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1340027      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       577704      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       722091      2.51%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       685621      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       389899      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31224      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19155      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28730293                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37895     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       290352     86.24%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8442      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9471528     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       131681      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3616915     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1871209     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     15092235                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.476761                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336689                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022309                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59260607                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16953941                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14961463                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     15428924                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27005                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       147825                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           68                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          421                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12343                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1328                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       242289                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       3043807                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        28822                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15715869                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          199                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3712502                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1876035                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          943                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        17862                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          421                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65440                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68245                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       133685                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14985615                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3605061                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106620                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            5476045                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1964202                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          1870984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.473393                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             14961975                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            14961463                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         8083374                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        15955641                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.472630                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506615                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12147113                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     14274485                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1443074                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1819                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       116437                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28488004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23291655     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1911136      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       891589      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       877091      3.08%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       240964      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1003708      3.52%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76446      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55494      0.19%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       139921      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28488004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     12147113                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     14274485                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              5428362                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             3564670                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1885350                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        12693092                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       138248                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       139921                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           44065603                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          31677448                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                488756                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2925452                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          12147113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            14274485                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     12147113                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.606030                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.606030                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.383725                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.383725                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       74074298                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      17381220                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      18753508                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1816                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2333389                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1913416                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231229                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       959162                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         908727                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         238596                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10261                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22302261                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             13263557                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2333389                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1147323                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2915271                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        656727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      2066997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1376057                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230000                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     27705852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       24790581     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         316005      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         364900      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         200306      0.72%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         229843      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         127542      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          88139      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         225235      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1363301      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     27705852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073711                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.418994                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       22120476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2252526                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2890485                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        23379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       418982                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       378683                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2342                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     16186574                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        11958                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       418982                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       22156275                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        658038                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1495423                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2878724                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        98406                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     16175882                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        23595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        46391                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     22485927                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     75306343                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     75306343                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     19176060                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        3309867                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         4149                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2275                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          268987                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1543718                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       839499                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21961                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       186005                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         16145970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4155                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        15253509                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21158                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2022760                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4690439                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          388                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27705852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21279183     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2583788      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1390161      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       962866      3.48%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       838827      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       428520      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       105013      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67137      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50357      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27705852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3871     11.95%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13766     42.48%     54.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14769     45.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12769683     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238274      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1868      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1410123      9.24%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       833561      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     15253509                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.481856                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32406                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002124                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58266434                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18173054                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14997867                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     15285915                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37837                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273473                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          172                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17953                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          933                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          615                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       418982                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        605372                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15623                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16150151                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7343                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1543718                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       839499                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2274                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11179                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          172                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133525                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       129689                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       263214                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15026403                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1323852                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       227106                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2157158                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        2103253                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           833306                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.474682                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             14998156                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            14997867                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         8911294                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        23338824                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.473780                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381823                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11259768                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     13814678                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2335687                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3767                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       232345                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27286870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21642171     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2617466      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1097996      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       658190      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       456587      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       295361      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153210      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       122875      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243014      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27286870                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     11259768                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     13814678                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2091791                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1270245                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1880                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1977442                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        12454176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       281060                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       243014                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           43194143                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          32719730                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                343567                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               3949893                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          11259768                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            13814678                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     11259768                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.811403                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.811403                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.355694                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.355694                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       67777349                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      20820687                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      15107061                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3762                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2458211                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2012200                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       242825                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1011334                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         965766                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         253137                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10953                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23657827                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             13744779                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2458211                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1218903                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2869182                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        663767                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1185719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles          456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1450025                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       242886                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     28131051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       25261869     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         134501      0.48%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         212813      0.76%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         286596      1.02%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         295247      1.05%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         250392      0.89%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         140485      0.50%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         207309      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1341839      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     28131051                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077654                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.434195                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       23416845                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      1429593                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2863659                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         3398                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       417555                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       403697                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     16866235                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1550                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       417555                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       23481562                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        200969                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1080498                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2802961                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       147503                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     16858802                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           39                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        21295                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        63546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     23527635                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     78427791                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     78427791                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     20347177                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3180420                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         4104                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2102                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          439380                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1581045                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       853027                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10100                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       254222                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         16834913                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4119                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        15971463                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2405                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1891140                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4543382                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           87                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28131051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21333437     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2826163     10.05%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1422986      5.06%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1047124      3.72%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       826340      2.94%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337875      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211423      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110941      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14762      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28131051                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3164     11.71%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10257     37.97%     49.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13590     50.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13432989     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238679      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1999      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1447531      9.06%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       850265      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     15971463                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.504536                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27011                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001691                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60103385                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18730246                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15727777                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     15998474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32400                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259491                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           77                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12381                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       417555                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        165501                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14259                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16839058                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7335                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1581045                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       853027                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12117                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           77                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       140564                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       137377                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       277941                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15747742                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1360914                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223713                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2211111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2237222                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           850197                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.497469                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             15727914                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            15727777                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         9032174                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        24339826                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.496838                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371086                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11861127                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     14594486                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2244553                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4032                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       245630                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27713496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21691233     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3002194     10.83%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1118548      4.04%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       532902      1.92%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       471245      1.70%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       258793      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       214314      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102475      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321792      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27713496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11861127                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     14594486                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2162196                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1321550                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              2012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          2104591                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        13149313                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       300481                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       321792                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           44230665                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          34095676                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                360903                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               3524694                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11861127                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            14594486                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11861127                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.668865                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.668865                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.374691                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.374691                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       70870339                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      21914915                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15630469                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         4028                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2142452                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1932611                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       114022                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       824959                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         763816                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         118114                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5079                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22695074                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             13459679                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2142452                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       881930                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2661863                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        359791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      3114553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1303862                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       114328                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     28714411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549965                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851269                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       26052548     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          94875      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         194127      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          82603      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         441948      1.54%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         394037      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          76063      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         159047      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1219163      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     28714411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067680                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.425189                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       22464925                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      3346429                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2651887                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         8480                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       242685                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       188447                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          238                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15782002                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1441                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       242685                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       22494895                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       3094023                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       150133                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2633663                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        99007                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15771994                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           50                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        50042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        32562                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1646                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     18522701                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     74272829                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     74272829                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     16388674                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2134027                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1842                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          938                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          229450                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3718958                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1879025                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        17206                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        92021                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15739111                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1848                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        15116492                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         9067                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1240403                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2985038                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28714411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.317454                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     23290182     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1652579      5.76%     86.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1340614      4.67%     91.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       579753      2.02%     93.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       723505      2.52%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       687022      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       390314      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        31124      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        19318      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28714411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37991     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       290764     86.22%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8491      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      9486161     62.75%     62.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       132048      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          904      0.01%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3623206     23.97%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1874173     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     15116492                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.477528                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            337246                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022310                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     59293708                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16981782                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14985927                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     15453738                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27219                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       149277                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           69                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          423                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12696                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1335                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       242685                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       3019235                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        29106                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15740978                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          206                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3718958                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1879025                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          938                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        18021                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          423                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        65344                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        67832                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       133176                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15010491                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3611134                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       106001                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            5485061                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1967064                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1873927                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.474179                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14986440                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14985927                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8097016                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        15985762                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.473403                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506514                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12164539                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     14294961                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1447699                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1823                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       116324                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28471726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     23269515     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1913206      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       891416      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       878194      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       241762      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1004869      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        76632      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        55900      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       140232      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28471726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     12164539                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     14294961                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              5436010                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3569681                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               910                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1888055                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        12711294                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       138444                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       140232                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           44074115                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          31728042                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                489213                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2941334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          12164539                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            14294961                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     12164539                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.602297                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.602297                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.384276                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.384276                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       74198237                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      17407726                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      18782548                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1820                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2736112                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2278284                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250143                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1047251                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         999592                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         293547                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11682                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23794107                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             15007950                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2736112                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1293139                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             3127547                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        695938                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      2272575                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5294                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1478696                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239048                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     29643106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       26515559     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         191794      0.65%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         243487      0.82%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         385335      1.30%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         159766      0.54%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         206481      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         241250      0.81%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         109791      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1589643      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     29643106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086433                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.474099                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       23659138                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2426645                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         3112487                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1593                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       443238                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       416053                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     18338219                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1482                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       443238                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       23683773                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         77105                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      2281908                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         3089430                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        67642                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     18224688                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        46960                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     25460720                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     84744128                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     84744128                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     21291014                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        4169701                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         4431                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2318                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          240497                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1704451                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       891838                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10444                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       200843                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         17792048                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4448                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        17064953                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17312                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2164033                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4408543                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29643106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300096                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22412235     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3298455     11.13%     86.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1347531      4.55%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       756494      2.55%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1023795      3.45%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       314416      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       309883      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       166980      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13317      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29643106                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118153     79.29%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15596     10.47%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15258     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14377263     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233147      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2112      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1563627      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       888804      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     17064953                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.539079                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149007                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     63939331                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     19960638                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16620901                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     17213960                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12833                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       320452                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12315                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       443238                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         58726                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7492                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17796499                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13601                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1704451                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       891838                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2319                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147274                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       140772                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       288046                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16767761                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1538473                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       297192                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2427166                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2371287                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           888693                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.529691                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             16621006                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            16620901                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         9958684                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        26742866                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.525052                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372387                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12386447                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     15263168                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2533423                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       252100                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29199868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522714                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22740248     77.88%     77.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3273739     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1187412      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       592909      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       541824      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       227981      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225136      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107091      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       303528      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29199868                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     12386447                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     15263168                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2263519                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1383996                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              2126                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          2212364                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        13741836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       315177                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       303528                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           46692840                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          36036440                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                362389                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2012639                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          12386447                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            15263168                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     12386447                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.555676                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.555676                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.391286                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.391286                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       75449992                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      23228772                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      16964789                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         4258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  7                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2743412                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2284396                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       250810                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1050020                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1002189                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         294322                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11706                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23856555                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             15047865                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2743412                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1296511                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             3135822                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        697816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      2196866                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1482589                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       239693                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     29640836                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623751                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       26505014     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         192290      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         244113      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         386353      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         160185      0.54%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         207013      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         241878      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         110065      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1593925      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     29640836                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086664                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.475360                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       23722796                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      2351263                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         3120728                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1600                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       444444                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       417145                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     18387094                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1486                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       444444                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       23747482                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         77323                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2206134                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         3097628                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        67815                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     18273338                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         9755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        47075                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     25528615                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     84970338                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     84970338                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     21347368                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        4181247                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         4440                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2322                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          241108                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1708991                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       894192                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10470                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       201398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         17839428                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4456                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        17110350                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17366                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2170060                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4420460                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     29640836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577256                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301543                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     22390890     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3307088     11.16%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1351076      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       758473      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1026519      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       315274      1.06%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       310720      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       167443      0.56%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13353      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     29640836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        118491     79.30%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        15633     10.46%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        15296     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     14415530     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       233790      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2117      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1567760      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       891153      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     17110350                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.540513                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            149420                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008733                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     64028322                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     20014053                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16665085                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     17259770                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        12876                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       321327                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12346                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       444444                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         58888                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         7509                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     17843887                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13632                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1708991                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       894192                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2323                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         6613                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       147640                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       141177                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       288817                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     16812332                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1542551                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       298018                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   3                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            2433589                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2377576                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           891038                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.531099                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             16665191                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            16665085                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         9985181                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        26814129                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.526447                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372385                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     12419189                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     15303582                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2540402                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4270                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       252770                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29196392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342821                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22719753     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3282317     11.24%     89.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1190571      4.08%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       594461      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       543243      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       228584      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       225736      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       107384      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304343      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29196392                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     12419189                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     15303582                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              2269510                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1387664                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              2130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          2218232                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        13778205                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       316012                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       304343                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           46735942                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          36132427                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                363340                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               2014909                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          12419189                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            15303582                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     12419189                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.548938                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.548938                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.392320                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.392320                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       75650588                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      23290506                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      17009865                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         4266                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2456172                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2010140                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       241101                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1013211                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         965158                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         253491                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        11032                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23625895                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             13735965                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2456172                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1218649                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2866812                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        658916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1231124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1446901                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       241198                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     28138550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599429                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       25271738     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         134613      0.48%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         212379      0.75%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         286543      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         294976      1.05%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         249895      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         140380      0.50%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         207816      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1340210      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     28138550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077590                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.433917                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       23385081                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1474385                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2861359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         3289                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       414435                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       403748                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          260                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     16851305                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1532                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       414435                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       23449423                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        205533                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1121036                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2800847                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       147273                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     16844015                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        21608                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        63251                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     23506593                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     78360143                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     78360143                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     20355067                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3151483                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         4068                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2068                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          437131                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1576711                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       853902                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        10024                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       254814                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         16820090                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4081                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        15965155                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2394                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1873823                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4495058                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           50                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28138550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21343017     75.85%     75.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2825035     10.04%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1423254      5.06%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1047194      3.72%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       825241      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337778      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211718      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110636      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14677      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28138550                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3122     11.73%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9891     37.15%     48.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13612     51.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13426279     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238828      1.50%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         2000      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1446969      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       851079      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     15965155                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.504337                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26625                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001668                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60097878                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18698067                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15724341                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     15991780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32237                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       254617                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12920                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       414435                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        170234                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14124                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16824197                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7604                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1576711                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       853902                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2068                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11960                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139977                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       135856                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       275833                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15744192                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1361333                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       220962                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2212344                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2237090                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           851011                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.497357                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             15724459                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            15724341                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         9028771                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        24323431                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.496729                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371196                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11865740                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     14600241                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2223946                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4031                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       243911                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27724115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21700295     78.27%     78.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3000697     10.82%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1120077      4.04%     93.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       534458      1.93%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       471037      1.70%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       259626      0.94%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       213442      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       102778      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       321705      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27724115                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     11865740                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     14600241                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2163073                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1322091                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              2012                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          2105449                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        13154490                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       300607                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       321705                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           44226519                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          34062857                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                359166                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               3517195                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          11865740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            14600241                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     11865740                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.667827                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.667827                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.374837                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.374837                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       70858234                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      21907593                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      15622876                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         4026                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               31655737                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2218553                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1814014                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       219139                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       938152                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         876203                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227761                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9782                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21566212                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12578692                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2218553                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1103964                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2636510                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        633630                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1038883                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1327529                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       220440                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     25651270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       23014760     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         142439      0.56%     90.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         226504      0.88%     91.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         358108      1.40%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         149734      0.58%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         168061      0.66%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         176669      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         117017      0.46%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1297978      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     25651270                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070084                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.397359                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       21364258                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      1242748                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2628248                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         6647                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       409367                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       363828                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15360216                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1660                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       409367                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       21395497                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        259157                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       889810                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2604076                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        93361                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15349375                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         3768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        26086                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        34579                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6037                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21306081                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     71395509                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     71395509                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     18190920                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3115161                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3902                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2140                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          279360                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1466276                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       787543                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23465                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       178017                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         15327256                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3912                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14515061                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18836                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1926813                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4286627                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          366                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25651270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258744                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19524163     76.11%     76.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2462574      9.60%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1345281      5.24%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       917205      3.58%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       854531      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       246824      0.96%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       191212      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        65046      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44434      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25651270                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3338     12.61%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10111     38.18%     50.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13031     49.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12159102     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       228880      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1758      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1342875      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       782446      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14515061                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.458529                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26480                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54726708                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17258182                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14280585                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14541541                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        43731                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       265624                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          206                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        24402                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          923                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       409367                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        169561                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13141                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15331201                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1466276                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       787543                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2142                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9618                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          206                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       127832                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       124891                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       252723                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14307999                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1263610                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       207062                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  33                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2045693                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2014430                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           782083                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.451988                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14280792                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14280585                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8350439                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        21806229                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.451122                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382938                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10685002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     13097166                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2234146                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3546                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       223571                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25241903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518866                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19922217     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2577237     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003658      3.98%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       539876      2.14%     95.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       404593      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       225657      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       139207      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       124578      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       304880      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25241903                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10685002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     13097166                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1963793                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1200652                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1770                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1879970                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11801579                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       266050                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       304880                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           40268257                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          31072023                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                351102                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               6004467                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10685002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            13097166                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10685002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.962633                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.962633                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.337538                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.337538                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       64522524                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19796435                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14328425                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3540                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               31653613                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2454183                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2008368                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       241906                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1008099                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         963546                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         252510                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10996                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23599470                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             13724171                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2454183                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1216056                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2863891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        662741                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1243696                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1446480                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       242018                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     28125272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.935655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       25261381     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         134002      0.48%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         211266      0.75%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         286808      1.02%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         295416      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         249738      0.89%     94.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         138797      0.49%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         207341      0.74%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1340523      4.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     28125272                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077532                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.433574                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       23359512                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      1486545                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2858409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         3357                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       417448                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       403613                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     16840224                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1550                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       417448                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       23423885                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        192966                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1146296                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2797993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       146681                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     16832643                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        21093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        63256                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     23486695                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     78304323                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     78304323                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     20302656                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        3183895                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         4090                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2090                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          436892                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1578242                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       851931                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9947                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       309716                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         16808419                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4104                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        15941589                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2314                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1896462                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4559386                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           80                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28125272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566807                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.254958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21298773     75.73%     75.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2869905     10.20%     85.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1437314      5.11%     91.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1030329      3.66%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       815337      2.90%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       337001      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       211458      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       110272      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        14883      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     28125272                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3135     11.64%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10235     38.00%     49.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13561     50.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     13407867     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238222      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1995      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1444416      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       849089      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     15941589                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503626                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             26931                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001689                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     60037695                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18709059                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15697931                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     15968520                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        31783                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       259562                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           78                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        13108                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       417448                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        157968                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14275                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16812555                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7408                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1578242                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       851931                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2095                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12077                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           78                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       139583                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       137062                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       276645                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15718210                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1358190                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       223379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  32                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            2207221                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        2233425                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           849031                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496569                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             15698074                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            15697931                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         9015096                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        24293843                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495929                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371086                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11835221                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     14562591                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2249868                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         4024                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       244709                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27707824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21663000     78.18%     78.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      3030362     10.94%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1112084      4.01%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       532857      1.92%     95.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491424      1.77%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       259387      0.94%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       199811      0.72%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103199      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       315700      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27707824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     11835221                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     14562591                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              2157481                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1318667                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              2008                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          2099975                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        13120602                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       299827                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       315700                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           44204505                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          34042494                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                359968                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3528341                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          11835221                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            14562591                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     11835221                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.674527                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.674527                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.373898                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.373898                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       70733208                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      21870946                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15606344                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         4020                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2332602                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1913126                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       231727                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       951227                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         908181                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         239019                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10272                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     22311112                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             13266816                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2332602                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1147200                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2917811                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        658101                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      2159520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1377257                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       230404                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     27810878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.919953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       24893067     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         316515      1.14%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         366062      1.32%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         200765      0.72%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         229754      0.83%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         126933      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          87523      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         225331      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1364928      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     27810878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073687                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.419097                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       22128714                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      2345697                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2893220                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        23139                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       420104                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       378109                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred         2331                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     16197407                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        12016                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       420104                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       22164378                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        542388                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1705051                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2881653                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        97300                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     16187138                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        22840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        46203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     22504667                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     75369458                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     75369458                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     19184493                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        3320098                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         4238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2360                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          266834                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1547034                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       840195                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22031                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       186308                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         16158389                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4244                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        15263953                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        21019                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2032575                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4707512                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          475                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27810878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21381197     76.88%     76.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2584270      9.29%     86.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1389519      5.00%     91.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       964585      3.47%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       840214      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       428713      1.54%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       104572      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        67427      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        50381      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27810878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3782     11.42%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14519     43.83%     55.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14821     44.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12778384     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       238529      1.56%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1868      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1410933      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       834239      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     15263953                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.482186                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             33122                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002170                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     58392925                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     18195372                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     15006796                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     15297075                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38202                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276199                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          169                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18281                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          934                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          352                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       420104                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        494325                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        15058                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16162660                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6049                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1547034                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       840195                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2362                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10750                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          169                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       133950                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       130186                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       264136                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15035328                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1324461                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       228625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  27                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            2158477                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2103823                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           834016                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.474964                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             15007064                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            15006796                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8920291                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        23369618                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.474062                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381705                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11264746                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     13820794                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2341931                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3768                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       232880                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     27390774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     21744187     79.39%     79.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2618696      9.56%     88.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1098330      4.01%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       657597      2.40%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457087      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       294751      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       153714      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       123036      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       243376      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     27390774                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     11264746                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     13820794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              2092720                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1270818                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1880                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1978321                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        12459696                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       281188                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       243376                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           43310045                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          32745650                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                344266                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3844867                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          11264746                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            13820794                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     11264746                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.810161                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.810161                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.355852                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.355852                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       67817187                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      20835889                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      15111453                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3764                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               31655745                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2190459                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1959908                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       175370                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1465270                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1439886                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         128270                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         5250                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     23200428                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             12450471                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2190459                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1568156                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2776472                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        577787                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       895614                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           29                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1404530                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       171794                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     27273992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510472                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.744876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       24497520     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         427972      1.57%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         210854      0.77%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         422081      1.55%     93.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         131388      0.48%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         391442      1.44%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          60577      0.22%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          96800      0.35%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1035358      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     27273992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.069196                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.393308                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       22998538                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1103158                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2770847                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2216                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       399229                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       203386                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13897667                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         5132                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       399229                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       23022205                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        702811                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       326200                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2747124                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        76419                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13876963                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        10736                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        57541                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18159959                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     62844926                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     62844926                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     14685298                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        3474641                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         1831                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          179382                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      2528047                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       399330                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3342                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        90919                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13804368                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1836                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12911797                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8895                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2520296                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      5177679                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     27273992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.473411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.085346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     21614324     79.25%     79.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1757491      6.44%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1922752      7.05%     92.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1104475      4.05%     96.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       562014      2.06%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       140663      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       165154      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3870      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3249      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     27273992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         21251     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8722     23.48%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7177     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10109885     78.30%     78.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        99540      0.77%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          902      0.01%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2305762     17.86%     96.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       395708      3.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12911797                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.407882                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37150                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002877                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53143631                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16326542                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12582391                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12948947                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       517322                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           46                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10504                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       399229                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        619549                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         9134                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13806220                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2528047                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       399330                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          929                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4661                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          225                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           46                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117614                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        68175                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       185789                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12749380                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2273804                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       162417                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  16                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            2669475                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1940233                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           395671                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.402751                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12585349                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12582391                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7621058                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        16492253                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.397476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.462099                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10029971                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11268063                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2538704                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1817                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       174088                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26874763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.419280                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287400                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     22690172     84.43%     84.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1636419      6.09%     90.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1058775      3.94%     94.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       331518      1.23%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       557489      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       105769      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        67573      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        61083      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       365965      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26874763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10029971                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11268063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              2399547                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             2010721                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               907                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1731044                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         9839630                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       138375                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       365965                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           40315526                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          28013109                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                520320                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               4381753                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10029971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11268063                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10029971                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.156115                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.156115                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.316845                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.316845                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       59299313                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16370371                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      14800247                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         1814                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         2026                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.855684                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         138563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.011537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.745881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    19.095466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   943.271138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1056.743197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.009324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.460582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.515988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  4038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   4047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  4047                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                2026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 2026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                2026                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50536694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1631344538                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1681881232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50536694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1631344538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1681881232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50536694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1631344538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1681881232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              6064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               6073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              6073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684556.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817306.882766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 830148.683119                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684556.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817306.882766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 830148.683119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684556.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 817306.882766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 830148.683119                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     269                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            2026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           2026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     47901583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1456056557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1503958140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     47901583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1456056557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1503958140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     47901583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1456056557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1503958140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.330354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596719.433333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 729487.253006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742328.795656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596719.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 729487.253006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742328.795656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596719.433333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 729487.253006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 742328.795656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         2108                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.561251                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         194596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         4153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        46.856730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.443727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    22.814874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   887.031273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1090.271377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.011140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.433121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.532359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  4047                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2178                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                2178                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   4064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         4063                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  4064                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                2107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 2107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2069                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                2107                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71760341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1800710506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1872470847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71760341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1800710506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1872470847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     71760341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1800710506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1872470847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              6154                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2178                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            2178                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               6171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         6132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              6171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.338348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.342379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.337410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.341436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.337410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.341436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1888430.026316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 870328.905752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 888690.482677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1888430.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 870328.905752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 888690.482677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1888430.026316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 870328.905752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 888690.482677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               1199                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    1199                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            2107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           2107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68423030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1619070186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1687493216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68423030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1619070186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1687493216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     68423030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1619070186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1687493216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.338348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.337410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.337410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.341436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1800606.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 782537.547608                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800898.536308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1800606.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 782537.547608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800898.536308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1800606.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 782537.547608                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 800898.536308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         2021                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.855795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         138557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         4069                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        34.051855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.745524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.954167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   942.901116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1056.254988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.009743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.460401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.515750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            759                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 759                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4041                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4041                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4042                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 2021                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1990                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                2021                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65280576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1588445504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1653726080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65280576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1588445504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     1653726080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65280576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1588445504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    1653726080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              6054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          759                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             759                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               6063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         6031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              6063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330455                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.329962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.329962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2105825.032258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 798213.821106                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818271.192479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2105825.032258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 798213.821106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818271.192479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2105825.032258                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 798213.821106                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818271.192479                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                268                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     268                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            2021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           2021                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62558776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1413678862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1476237638                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62558776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1413678862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1476237638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     62558776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1413678862                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1476237638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.330455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.329962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.329962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2018025.032258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 710391.387940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730449.103414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2018025.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 710391.387940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730449.103414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2018025.032258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 710391.387940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730449.103414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         2024                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.846152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         138567                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         4072                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        34.029224                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.736849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    18.585067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   944.244536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1056.279699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.009075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.461057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.515762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  4042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   4051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         4050                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  4051                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                2024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 2024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1996                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                2024                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47299543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1615342550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1662642093                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47299543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1615342550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1662642093                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47299543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1615342550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1662642093                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              6066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               6075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         6046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              6075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.333663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.333169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.333169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1689269.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 809289.854709                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821463.484684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1689269.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 809289.854709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821463.484684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1689269.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 809289.854709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821463.484684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                267                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     267                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            2024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1996                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           2024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     44840776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1440048016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484888792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     44840776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1440048016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484888792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     44840776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1440048016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1484888792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330136                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.330136                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1601456.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 721466.941884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733640.707510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1601456.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 721466.941884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733640.707510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1601456.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 721466.941884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733640.707510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1421                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.367915                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         171195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        49.349957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.637777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    28.012394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   656.786526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1335.931218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.013678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.320697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.652310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3314                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1061                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1061                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3332                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3332                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3334                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1381                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58041952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1131761484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1189803436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58041952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1131761484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1189803436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58041952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1131761484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1189803436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1061                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1061                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4713                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4754                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4713                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4754                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.299831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.298696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.298696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1488255.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 819523.160029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837889.743662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1488255.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 819523.160029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 837889.743662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1488255.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 819523.160029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 837889.743662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                612                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     612                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54616897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1010064986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1064681883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54616897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1010064986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1064681883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     54616897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1010064986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1064681883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.292807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1400433.256410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 731931.149275                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750304.357294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1400433.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 731931.149275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750304.357294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1400433.256410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 731931.149275                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750304.357294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         4096                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.936386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         167507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         6144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        27.263509                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.976018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.584054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1301.258898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         728.117416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.635380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.355526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4784                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  4785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1543                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1543                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   4788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4787                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  4788                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                4090                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 4096                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4059                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                4096                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54643473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3888477221                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3943120694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10198098                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10198098                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54643473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3898675319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     3953318792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54643473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3898675319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    3953318792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              8875                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1543                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1543                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               8884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              8884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460845                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458851                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.461054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458851                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.461054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1476850.621622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 959407.160375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964088.189242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1699683                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1699683                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1476850.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 960501.433604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 965165.720703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1476850.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 960501.433604                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 965165.720703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                710                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     710                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            4096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         4059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           4096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51394873                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3532565089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3583959962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9671298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9671298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51394873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3542236387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3593631260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51394873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3542236387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3593631260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458851                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.458851                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1389050.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 871592.669381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876273.829340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1611883                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1611883                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1389050.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 872686.964031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877351.381836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1389050.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 872686.964031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877351.381836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         2065                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.558632                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         194607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        47.349635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.451823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.900343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   877.570536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1099.635929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.428501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.536932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  4057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2179                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                2179                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4074                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   4075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4074                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  4075                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2026                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                2063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 2063                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2026                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                2063                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70504935                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1759347975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1829852910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70504935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1759347975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1829852910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70504935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1759347975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1829852910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6082                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              6120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2179                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            2179                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               6138                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         6100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              6138                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.336103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.336103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1905538.783784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 868384.982725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886986.383907                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1905538.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 868384.982725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 886986.383907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1905538.783784                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 868384.982725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 886986.383907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               1180                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    1180                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            2063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           2063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67256335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1581392328                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1648648663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67256335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1581392328                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1648648663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67256335                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1581392328                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1648648663                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.333114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337092                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.332131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1817738.783784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 780549.026654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799151.072710                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1817738.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 780549.026654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799151.072710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1817738.783784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 780549.026654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799151.072710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         1425                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.396558                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         171187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3473                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        49.290815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.635871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.117608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   655.990177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1334.652902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.014706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.320308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.651686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1059                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                1059                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3326                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3328                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                1424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 1424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1381                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                1424                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89679893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1125925309                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1215605202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89679893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1125925309                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     1215605202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     89679893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1125925309                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    1215605202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1059                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            1059                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294519                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300803                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2085578.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 815297.110065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 853655.338483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2085578.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 815297.110065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853655.338483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2085578.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 815297.110065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853655.338483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                613                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     613                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            1423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1380                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           1423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     85903576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1003465790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1089369366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     85903576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1003465790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1089369366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     85903576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1003465790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1089369366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.294306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300591                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299453                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299453                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1997757.581395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 727149.123188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765544.178496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1997757.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 727149.123188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765544.178496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1997757.581395                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 727149.123188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765544.178496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         4069                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.934685                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         167515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         6117                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        27.385156                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.005022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.772271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1297.751267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         732.406125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.633668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.357620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  4786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1550                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1550                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   4789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4788                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  4789                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                4063                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4037                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 4069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4037                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                4069                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52208708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3842905256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3895113964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8098205                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8098205                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52208708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3851003461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     3903212169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52208708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3851003461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    3903212169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8816                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              8849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1550                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1550                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               8858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              8858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.457237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.666667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.457450                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.459359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.457450                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.459359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1631522.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 953337.944927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 958679.292149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1349700.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1349700.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1631522.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 953927.040129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959255.878348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1631522.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 953927.040129                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959255.878348                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                707                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     707                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           4063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            4069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         4037                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           4069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49398109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3488920051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3538318160                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      7571405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7571405                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49398109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3496491456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3545889565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     49398109                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3496491456                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3545889565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.457237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.666667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.457450                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.457450                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1543690.906250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 865522.215579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870863.440807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1261900.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1261900.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1543690.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 866111.334159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871440.050381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1543690.906250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 866111.334159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871440.050381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         1108                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.494339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         194233                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        61.602601                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.426104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    28.879045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   523.754250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1456.434940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.014101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.255739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.711150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1064                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                1064                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3374                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3376                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                1108                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 1108                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                1108                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102445984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    909868046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1012314030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102445984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    909868046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1012314030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102445984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    909868046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1012314030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4425                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              4463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1064                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            1064                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               4484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         4446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              4484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242260                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.241116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.241116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2845721.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 848757.505597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 913640.821300                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2845721.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 848757.505597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 913640.821300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2845721.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 848757.505597                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 913640.821300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                585                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     585                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     99285138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    815715421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    915000559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     99285138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    815715421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    915000559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     99285138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    815715421                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    915000559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248263                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.241116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.241116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2757920.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 760928.564366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 825812.778881                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2757920.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 760928.564366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 825812.778881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2757920.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 760928.564366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 825812.778881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1110                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.487802                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         194243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        61.566719                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.419616                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.867633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   525.026727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1455.173827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.014096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.256361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.710534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                1067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3381                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3383                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1074                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1110                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    114048356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    877628238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     991676594                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    114048356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    877628238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      991676594                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    114048356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    877628238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     991676594                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4434                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            1067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              21                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.242219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.248211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.241077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.247051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.241077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.247051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3168009.888889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 817158.508380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893402.336937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3168009.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 817158.508380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 893402.336937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3168009.888889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 817158.508380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 893402.336937                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                587                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     587                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    110887556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    783320066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    894207622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    110887556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    783320066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    894207622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    110887556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    783320066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    894207622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.242219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.241077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.241077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247051                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3080209.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 729348.292365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805592.452252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3080209.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 729348.292365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805592.452252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3080209.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 729348.292365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805592.452252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         1421                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.367392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         171187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        49.347651                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.636769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.227148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   655.919343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1336.584133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.013783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.320273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.652629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1060                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                1060                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3325                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3327                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1380                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75356386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1153660917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1229017303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75356386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1153660917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1229017303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75356386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1153660917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1229017303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              4729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1060                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            1060                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4705                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               4747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         4705                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              4747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294431                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300275                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293305                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293305                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1883909.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 835986.171739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865505.142958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1883909.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 835986.171739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865505.142958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1883909.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 835986.171739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865505.142958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                613                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     613                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     71841689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1031905642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1103747331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     71841689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1031905642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1103747331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     71841689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1031905642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1103747331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294218                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293092                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.298926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1796042.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 748299.957941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777834.623679                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1796042.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 748299.957941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777834.623679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1796042.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 748299.957941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 777834.623679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         3534                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.557098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         137442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         5581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        24.626769                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.677039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    20.994951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   944.287513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1070.597595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.010251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.461078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.522753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  4310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            888                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 888                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4321                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   4322                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         4321                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  4322                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                3529                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 3535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3501                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                3535                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63132427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3268039019                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3331171446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8074980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8074980                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63132427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3276113999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     3339246426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63132427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3276113999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    3339246426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              7839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          888                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             888                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               7857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         7822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              7857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.447847                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.447584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.449917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.447584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.449917                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1856836.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 935061.235765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943942.036271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1345830                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1345830                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1856836.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 935765.209654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944624.165771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1856836.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 935765.209654                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944624.165771                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                546                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     546                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            3535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           3535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     60146228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2961101834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3021248062                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      7548180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7548180                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     60146228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2968650014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3028796242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     60146228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2968650014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3028796242                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.447847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.447584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.447584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.449917                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1769006.705882                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 847239.437482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856120.164919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1258030                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1258030                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1769006.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 847943.448729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856802.331542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1769006.705882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 847943.448729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856802.331542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1420                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.374579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         171172                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         3468                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        49.357555                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.633446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    29.685647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   653.987112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1337.068373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.014495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.319330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.652865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1055                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3317                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3315                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3317                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1377                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1377                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1420                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90942148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1161976505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1252918653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90942148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1161976505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1252918653                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     90942148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1161976505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1252918653                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              4719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1055                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               4737                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         4692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              4737                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294608                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.300911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.299768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.299768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2114933.674419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 843846.408860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 882337.079577                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2114933.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 843846.408860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 882337.079577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2114933.674419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 843846.408860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 882337.079577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                612                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     612                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87165108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1039998843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127163951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87165108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1039998843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127163951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     87165108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1039998843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1127163951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.300699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.299557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2027095.534884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 755813.112645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794336.822410                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2027095.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 755813.112645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794336.822410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2027095.534884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 755813.112645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 794336.822410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         2055                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.550639                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         194593                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         4100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        47.461707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          47.663684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    21.870521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   881.461928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1096.554506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.023273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.010679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.430401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.535427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  4046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2178                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                2178                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   4064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         4063                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  4064                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2019                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                2054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 2054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2019                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                2054                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     48003941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1752239835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1800243776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     48003941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1752239835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1800243776                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     48003941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1752239835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1800243776                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              6100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2178                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            2178                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               6118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         6082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              6118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332949                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.336721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.331963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.331963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1371541.171429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 867875.104012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 876457.534567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1371541.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 867875.104012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 876457.534567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1371541.171429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 867875.104012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 876457.534567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               1166                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    1166                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2019                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            2054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2019                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           2054                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     44930033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1575010581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1619940614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     44930033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1575010581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1619940614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     44930033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1575010581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1619940614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332949                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.336721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.331963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.331963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1283715.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 780094.393759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788676.053554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1283715.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 780094.393759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788676.053554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1283715.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 780094.393759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 788676.053554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2031                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.846658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         138563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         4079                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        33.969846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.741797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    20.309663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   947.050254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1051.744944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.462427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.513547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4037                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  4038                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 760                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   4047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  4047                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1999                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2031                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77939421                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1601145781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1679085202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77939421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1601145781                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     1679085202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     77939421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1601145781                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    1679085202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              6069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             760                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               6078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              6078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.334652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.330687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.330687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2435606.906250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 800973.377189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826728.312161                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2435606.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 800973.377189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 826728.312161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2435606.906250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 800973.377189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 826728.312161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                270                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     270                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1999                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75129041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1425609514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500738555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75129041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1425609514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500738555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75129041                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1425609514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1500738555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.330687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334156                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.969697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.330687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334156                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2347782.531250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713161.337669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738916.078287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2347782.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713161.337669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738916.078287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2347782.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 713161.337669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738916.078287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              551.754866                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001432644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1794682.157706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    25.584476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.170390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.041001                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.884223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1400375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1400375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1400375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1400375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66778958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66778958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66778958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66778958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     66778958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66778958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1400418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1400418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1400418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1400418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1552999.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1552999.023256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1552999.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1552999.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1552999.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1552999.023256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50857693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50857693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50857693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50857693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     50857693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50857693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1640570.741935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1640570.741935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1640570.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1640570.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1640570.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1640570.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 6042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              221205114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 6298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35123.073039                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   184.428965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    71.571035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.720426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.279574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2072847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2072847                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        2459281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      2459281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       2459281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        21141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        21141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        21141                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9359527641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9359527641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3178258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3178258                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9362705899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9362705899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9362705899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9362705899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2093951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2093951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386471                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2480422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      2480422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2480422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010079                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 443495.434088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443495.434088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85898.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85898.864865                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442869.585119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442869.585119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 442869.585119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442869.585119                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        15099                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15099                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         6042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1912381337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1912381337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       589852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       589852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1912971189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1912971189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1912971189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1912971189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316986.795458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316986.795458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 65539.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65539.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316612.245780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316612.245780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 316612.245780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316612.245780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              512.747526                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1076043873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             2065343.326296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    30.747526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.049275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1376046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1376046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1376046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1376046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1376046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1376046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88293545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88293545                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88293545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88293545                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     88293545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88293545                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1376096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1376096                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1376096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1376096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1376096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1376096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1765870.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1765870.900000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1765870.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1765870.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1765870.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1765870.900000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72141737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72141737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72141737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72141737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72141737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72141737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1849788.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849788.128205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1849788.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849788.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1849788.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1849788.128205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 6131                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              170141280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 6387                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             26638.684829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.501106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.498894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.888676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.111324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       966800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966800                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       817425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       817425                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1784225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1784225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1784225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1784225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          441                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        21380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        21380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        21380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8696476905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8696476905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    255743208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    255743208                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8952220113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8952220113                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8952220113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8952220113                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       987739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       817866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       817866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1805605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1805605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1805605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1805605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000539                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000539                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 415324.366254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 415324.366254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 579916.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 579916.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 418719.369177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 418719.369177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 418719.369177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 418719.369177                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6896624                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 766291.555556                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            2178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        15248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15248                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2083945372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2083945372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1094817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1094817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2085040189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2085040189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2085040189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2085040189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 340792.374816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340792.374816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64401                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64401                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 340026.123451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340026.123451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 340026.123451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340026.123451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              552.987596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1001437589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1791480.481216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    26.935993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.051604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.043167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.886198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1405320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1405320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1405320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1405320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1405320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1405320                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78509089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78509089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78509089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78509089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     78509089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78509089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1405361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1405361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1405361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1405361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1405361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1405361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914855.829268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1914855.829268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914855.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1914855.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914855.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1914855.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65618033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65618033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65618033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65618033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65618033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65618033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2050563.531250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2050563.531250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2050563.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2050563.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2050563.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2050563.531250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 6031                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              221214066                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 6287                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             35185.949738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   184.363591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    71.636409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.720170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.279830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2081285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2081285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       386948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386948                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2468233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        2468233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2468233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       2468233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        21038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        21038                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        21038                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9160747871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9160747871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      3150343                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3150343                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9163898214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9163898214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9163898214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9163898214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2102286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2102286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       386985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386985                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2489271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2489271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2489271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2489271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009990                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 436205.317413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436205.317413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85144.405405                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85144.405405                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 435587.898755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435587.898755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 435587.898755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435587.898755                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             759                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        14979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15007                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6022                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         6031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1868980157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1868980157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1869557057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1869557057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1869557057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1869557057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 310358.710893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 310358.710893                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 309991.221522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309991.221522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 309991.221522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 309991.221522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              551.172052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001435190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1801142.428058                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.001314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.170738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.040066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.883289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1402921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1402921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1402921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1402921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1402921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1402921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59746199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     59746199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59746199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     59746199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     59746199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     59746199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1402961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1402961                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1402961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1402961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1402961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1402961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1493654.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1493654.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1493654.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1493654.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1493654.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1493654.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47609795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47609795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47609795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47609795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     47609795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47609795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1641717.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1641717.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1641717.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1641717.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1641717.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1641717.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 6046                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              221209910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 6302                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35101.540781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   184.746005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    71.253995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.721664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.278336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2077123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2077123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       386944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2464067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2464067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2464067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2464067                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        21074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21074                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        21111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        21111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        21111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        21111                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9291660456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9291660456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3160502                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3160502                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9294820958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9294820958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9294820958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9294820958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2098197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2098197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       386981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2485178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2485178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2485178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2485178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008495                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008495                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 440906.351713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440906.351713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85418.972973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85418.972973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 440283.310028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440283.310028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 440283.310028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440283.310028                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15065                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15065                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         6046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6046                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1896665451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1896665451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1897242351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1897242351                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1897242351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1897242351                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002433                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002433                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 314173.505218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 314173.505218                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 313801.248925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313801.248925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 313801.248925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 313801.248925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              507.458867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1074585994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2082530.996124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    32.458867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.052017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1450457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1450457                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1450457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1450457                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1450457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1450457                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68068274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68068274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68068274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68068274                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68068274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68068274                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1450511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1450511                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1450511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1450511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1450511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1450511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1260523.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1260523.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1260523.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1260523.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1260523.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1260523.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58506671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58506671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58506671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58506671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     58506671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58506671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1426991.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1426991.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1426991.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1426991.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1426991.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1426991.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4713                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              164029600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             33010.585631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   221.948976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    34.051024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.866988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.133012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       997216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        997216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       837450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       837450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2050                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2050                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1834666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1834666                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1834666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1834666                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        15177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        15177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        15177                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5041682385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5041682385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8254952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8254952                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5049937337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5049937337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   5049937337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5049937337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1012291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1012291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       837552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       837552                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2050                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2050                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2015                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1849843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1849843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1849843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1849843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.014892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334439.959204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334439.959204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 80930.901961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80930.901961                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 332736.201950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 332736.201950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 332736.201950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 332736.201950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1061                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           84                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        10464                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10464                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1359218886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1359218886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1170582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1170582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1360389468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1360389468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1360389468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1360389468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 289503.490096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289503.490096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 65032.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65032.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 288646.184596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288646.184596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 288646.184596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288646.184596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    5                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              570.246203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1108829736                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1908484.915663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    29.118036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.128167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.046664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.867193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1302418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1302418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1302418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1302418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1302418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1302418                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72082639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72082639                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72082639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72082639                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72082639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72082639                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1302473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1302473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1302473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1302473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1302473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1302473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1310593.436364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1310593.436364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1310593.436364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1310593.436364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1310593.436364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1310593.436364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55050824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55050824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55050824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55050824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     55050824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55050824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1448705.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1448705.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1448705.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1448705.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1448705.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1448705.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 8846                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              440470147                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 9102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             48392.677104                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.132415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.867585                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.434111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.565889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      3401107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3401107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1861814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1861814                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      5262921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        5262921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      5262921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       5262921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32323                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           39                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        32362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        32362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15933603454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15933603454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     46828544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46828544                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15980431998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15980431998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  15980431998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15980431998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      3433430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3433430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1861853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1861853                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          912                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          908                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      5295283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5295283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      5295283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5295283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 492949.399932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492949.399932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1200731.897436                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1200731.897436                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 493802.360732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493802.360732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 493802.360732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493802.360732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1543                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           30                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        23516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23516                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4249026845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4249026845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10440198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10440198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4259467043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4259467043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   4259467043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4259467043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 480822.320358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480822.320358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1160022                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1160022                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 481513.344223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481513.344223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 481513.344223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481513.344223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              512.378064                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1076043832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             2069315.061538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    30.378064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.048683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1376005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1376005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1376005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1376005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1376005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1376005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     97685672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97685672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     97685672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97685672                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     97685672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97685672                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1376057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1376057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1376057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1376057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1376057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1376057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1878570.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1878570.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1878570.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1878570.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1878570.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1878570.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70886579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70886579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70886579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70886579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     70886579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70886579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1865436.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865436.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1865436.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865436.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1865436.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1865436.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 6100                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              170141020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 6356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             26768.568282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.463548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.536452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.888529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.111471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       966894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        966894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       817051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       817051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1936                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1936                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1783945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1783945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1783945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1783945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21007                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          460                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          460                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        21467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        21467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        21467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8691378940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8691378940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    269311108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    269311108                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8960690048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8960690048                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8960690048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8960690048                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       987901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       987901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       817511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       817511                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1936                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1936                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1881                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1805412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1805412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1805412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1805412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000563                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 413737.275194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 413737.275194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 585458.930435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 585458.930435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 417416.967811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 417416.967811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 417416.967811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 417416.967811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      7163683                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets            12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 596973.583333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            2179                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          442                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         6100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2042907424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2042907424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1164581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1164581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2044072005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2044072005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2044072005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2044072005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 335894.019073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335894.019073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64698.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64698.944444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 335093.771311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335093.771311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 335093.771311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335093.771311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              509.887163                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1074585505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2066510.586538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    34.887163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.055909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1449968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1449968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1449968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1449968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1449968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1449968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    100062788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100062788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    100062788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100062788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    100062788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100062788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1450024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1450024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1450024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1450024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1450024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1450024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1786835.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1786835.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1786835.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1786835.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1786835.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1786835.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1087206                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       543603                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90190709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90190709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90190709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90190709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90190709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90190709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2004237.977778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2004237.977778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2004237.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2004237.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2004237.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2004237.977778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4707                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              164027547                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4963                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             33050.079992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   221.903091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    34.096909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.866809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.133191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       995887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        995887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       836697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       836697                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2080                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2080                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1832584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1832584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1832584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1832584                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           99                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        15210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        15210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        15210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5126052217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5126052217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8016394                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8016394                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5134068611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5134068611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   5134068611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5134068611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1010998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       836796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       836796                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2080                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2080                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2014                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1847794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1847794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1847794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1847794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.014947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000118                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008231                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008231                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339226.538085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339226.538085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 80973.676768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80973.676768                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337545.602301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337545.602301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 337545.602301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337545.602301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1059                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1059                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        10503                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10503                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1352984216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1352984216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1354138016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1354138016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1354138016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1354138016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 288544.298571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288544.298571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 287686.002974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287686.002974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 287686.002974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287686.002974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              569.901378                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1108831127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  576                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1925054.039931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    28.638006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.263372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.045894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.913303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1303809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1303809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1303809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1303809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1303809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1303809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75826932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     75826932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75826932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     75826932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     75826932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     75826932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1303862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1303862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1303862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1303862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1303862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1303862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1430696.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1430696.830189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1430696.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1430696.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1430696.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1430696.830189                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52539852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52539852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52539852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52539852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52539852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52539852                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1592116.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1592116.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1592116.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1592116.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1592116.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1592116.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 8825                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              440478538                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 9081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             48505.510186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.137366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.862634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.434130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.565870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3406860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3406860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1864448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1864448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          910                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          910                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      5271308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        5271308                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      5271308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       5271308                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        32190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        32228                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        32228                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15797777796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15797777796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31381831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     31381831                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15829159627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15829159627                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15829159627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15829159627                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3439050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3439050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1864486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1864486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          910                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          910                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      5303536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      5303536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      5303536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      5303536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 490766.629264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490766.629264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 825837.657895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825837.657895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 491161.711152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491161.711152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 491161.711152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491161.711152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        23374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        23403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        23403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        23403                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4203421494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4203421494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      8340305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8340305                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4211761799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4211761799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4211761799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4211761799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001664                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 476794.634074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476794.634074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 926700.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 926700.555556                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 477253.461643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477253.461643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 477253.461643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477253.461643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              486.881920                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1077602658                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2185806.608519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    31.881920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.051093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1478644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1478644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1478644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1478644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1478644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1478644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    157220348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157220348                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    157220348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    157220348                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    157220348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    157220348                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1478694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1478694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1478694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1478694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1478694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1478694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3144406.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3144406.960000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3144406.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3144406.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3144406.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3144406.960000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3370227                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 842556.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102874285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102874285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102874285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102874285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    102874285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102874285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2707218.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2707218.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2707218.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2707218.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2707218.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2707218.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 4446                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              160408539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4702                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             34114.959379                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   221.800230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    34.199770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.866407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.133593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1177720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1177720                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       875091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       875091                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2052811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2052811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2052811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2052811                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        11546                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        11546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        11546                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2686462466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2686462466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      9800638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9800638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2696263104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2696263104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2696263104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2696263104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1189138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1189138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       875219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       875219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2282                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2129                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2064357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2064357                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2064357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2064357                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005593                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 235283.102645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 235283.102645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 76567.484375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76567.484375                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 233523.566950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 233523.566950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 233523.566950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 233523.566950                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        28314                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14157                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            1064                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         6993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7100                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         4446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1136877687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1136877687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1565817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1565817                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1138443504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1138443504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1138443504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1138443504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003721                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 256921.511186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 256921.511186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 74562.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74562.714286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 256060.167341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 256060.167341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 256060.167341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 256060.167341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              486.890196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1077606551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2185814.505071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.890196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.051106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1482537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1482537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1482537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1482537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1482537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1482537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    175417361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175417361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    175417361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    175417361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    175417361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    175417361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1482587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1482587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1482587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1482587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1482587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1482587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3508347.220000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3508347.220000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3508347.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3508347.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3508347.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3508347.220000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4687968                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 937593.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    114477928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114477928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    114477928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    114477928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    114477928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    114477928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3012577.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3012577.052632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3012577.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3012577.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 3012577.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3012577.052632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              160413966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             34050.937381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   221.787112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    34.212888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.866356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.133644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1180825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1180825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       877405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       877405                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2058230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        2058230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      2058230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       2058230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        11445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        11573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        11573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2593915837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2593915837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9790101                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9790101                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2603705938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2603705938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2603705938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2603705938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1192270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1192270                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       877533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       877533                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2286                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2133                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2069803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2069803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      2069803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2069803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 226641.838095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226641.838095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 76485.164062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76485.164062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 224981.071287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224981.071287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 224981.071287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224981.071287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        29054                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        14527                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            1067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         7011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         7118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         7118                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1105106756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1105106756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1564315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1564315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1106671071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1106671071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1106671071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1106671071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 249234.721696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249234.721696                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 74491.190476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74491.190476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 248411.014815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248411.014815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 248411.014815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248411.014815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              507.666580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1074582378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2078495.895551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    32.666580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.052350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.813568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1446841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1446841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1446841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1446841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1446841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1446841                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     88502168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88502168                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     88502168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88502168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     88502168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88502168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1446901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1446901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1446901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1446901                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1446901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1446901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1475036.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1475036.133333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1475036.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1475036.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1475036.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1475036.133333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75829054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75829054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75829054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75829054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     75829054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75829054                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1805453.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1805453.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1805453.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1805453.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1805453.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1805453.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 4705                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              164028321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             33063.559968                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   221.938538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    34.061462                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.866947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.133053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       996368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        996368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       837028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       837028                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2043                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2043                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2013                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2013                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1833396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1833396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1833396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1833396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        15246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        15246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        15246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5195896460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5195896460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8565756                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8565756                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5204462216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5204462216                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5204462216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5204462216                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1011510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1011510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       837132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       837132                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2043                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2043                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         2013                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2013                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1848642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1848642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1848642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1848642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.014970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 343144.661207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 343144.661207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 82363.038462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82363.038462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 341365.749442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 341365.749442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 341365.749442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 341365.749442                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            1060                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           86                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        10541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         4705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1380632277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1380632277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1381786077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1381786077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1381786077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1381786077                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 294566.306166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294566.306166                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 293684.607226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293684.607226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 293684.607226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293684.607226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              519.971933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1080513953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2058121.815238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    29.971933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.048032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1327476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1327476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1327476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1327476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1327476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1327476                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     89174394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89174394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     89174394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89174394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     89174394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89174394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1327529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1327529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1327529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1327529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1327529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1327529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1682535.735849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1682535.735849                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1682535.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1682535.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1682535.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1682535.735849                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63481075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63481075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63481075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63481075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     63481075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63481075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1813745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1813745                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1813745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1813745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1813745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1813745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 7822                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              178801798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 8078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             22134.414211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   228.424344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    27.575656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.892283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.107717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       918838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        918838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       759441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       759441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2083                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2083                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1770                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1770                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1678279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1678279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1678279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1678279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        20728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        20728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        20728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9214057333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9214057333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     83936228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83936228                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9297993561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9297993561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9297993561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9297993561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       939449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       939449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       759558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       759558                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         2083                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2083                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1770                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1770                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1699007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1699007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1699007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1699007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000154                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 447045.622871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447045.622871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 717403.658120                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 717403.658120                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 448571.669288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 448571.669288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 448571.669288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 448571.669288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             888                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           99                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        12906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        12906                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         7822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3580324866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3580324866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8893980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8893980                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3589218846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3589218846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3589218846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3589218846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 458780.736289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458780.736289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       494110                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       494110                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 458862.036052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458862.036052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 458862.036052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458862.036052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              509.216191                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1074581962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2066503.773077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    34.216191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.054834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1446425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1446425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1446425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1446425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1446425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1446425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97840549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97840549                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97840549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97840549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97840549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97840549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1446479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1446479                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1446479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1446479                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1446479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1446479                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1811862.018519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1811862.018519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1811862.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1811862.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1811862.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1811862.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       504284                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       252142                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91453397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91453397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91453397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91453397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91453397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91453397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2032297.711111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2032297.711111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2032297.711111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2032297.711111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2032297.711111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2032297.711111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 4691                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              164024404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 4947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             33156.337983                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   221.858972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    34.141028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.866637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.133363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       994590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        994590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       834871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       834871                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1829461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1829461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1829461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1829461                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        15018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          101                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        15119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        15119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        15119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5143431368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5143431368                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8207913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8207913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5151639281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   5151639281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   5151639281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   5151639281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1009608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1009608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       834972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       834972                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2064                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2010                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1844580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1844580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1844580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1844580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.014875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 342484.443201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342484.443201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 81266.465347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81266.465347                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340739.419340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340739.419340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340739.419340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340739.419340                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1055                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        10427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         4692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1388251862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1388251862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1153800                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1389405662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1389405662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1389405662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1389405662                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 297015.802739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 297015.802739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 296122.263853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296122.263853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 296122.263853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296122.263853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              511.531095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1076045036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             2077307.019305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    29.531095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.047325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1377209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1377209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1377209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1377209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1377209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1377209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64192448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64192448                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64192448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64192448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64192448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64192448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1377257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1377257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1377257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1377257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1377257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1377257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1337342.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1337342.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1337342.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1337342.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1337342.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1337342.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     48365045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48365045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     48365045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48365045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     48365045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48365045                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1343473.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1343473.472222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1343473.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1343473.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1343473.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1343473.472222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 6081                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              170141795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 6337                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             26848.949819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   227.512072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    28.487928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.888719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.111281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       967281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        967281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       817409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       817409                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1882                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1882                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1784690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1784690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1784690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1784690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        20945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        20945                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        21402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        21402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        21402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8641873359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8641873359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    310718460                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    310718460                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8952591819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8952591819                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   8952591819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8952591819                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       988226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       988226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       817866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       817866                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1965                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1882                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1882                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1806092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1806092                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1806092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1806092                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021195                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000559                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 412598.393841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 412598.393841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 679909.102845                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 679909.102845                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 418306.318054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 418306.318054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 418306.318054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 418306.318054                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4103462                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 455940.222222                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            2178                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        15320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15320                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6064                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         6082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6082                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2034941897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2034941897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1164090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1164090                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2036105987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2036105987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2036105987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2036105987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 335577.489611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335577.489611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64671.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64671.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 334775.729530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334775.729530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 334775.729530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334775.729530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              553.567365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1001436755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1788279.919643                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    27.397222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   526.170143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.043906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.843221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.887127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1404486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1404486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1404486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1404486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1404486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1404486                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    109192802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109192802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    109192802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109192802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    109192802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109192802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1404530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1404530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1404530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1404530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1404530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1404530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2481654.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2481654.590909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2481654.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2481654.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2481654.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2481654.590909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78288161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78288161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78288161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78288161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     78288161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78288161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2372368.515152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2372368.515152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2372368.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2372368.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2372368.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2372368.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6045                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              221214027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6301                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             35107.764958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   184.568706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    71.431294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.720972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.279028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2081242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2081242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       386952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       386952                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2468194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        2468194                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      2468194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       2468194                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        21093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           37                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        21130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        21130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        21130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9175404206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9175404206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3046341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      3046341                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9178450547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9178450547                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9178450547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9178450547                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2102335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2102335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       386989                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       386989                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          914                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          907                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2489324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2489324                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      2489324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2489324                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434997.591903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434997.591903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 82333.540541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82333.540541                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434380.054283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434380.054283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 434380.054283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434380.054283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             760                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        15057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           28                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        15085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        15085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        15085                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6045                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6045                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1882226767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1882226767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       576900                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1882803667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1882803667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1882803667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1882803667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 311833.460404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311833.460404                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 311464.626468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311464.626468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 311464.626468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 311464.626468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
