
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000965                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   965189868                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391064503605                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 401717                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   523663                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  33730                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67612380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 28615.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11495383173                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14984915464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        40064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        11264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        39552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        40320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        22912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        11520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        67840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        69632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        18688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        16768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        40064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        16768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        16640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               499712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           32896                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       183936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            183936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          313                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          131                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          130                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1437                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1437                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1856630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     41508931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3713259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     11670243                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1724013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     19627226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1856630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     40978466                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1856630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     41774164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3182793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23738335                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3713259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     11935475                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1724013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     70286689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1724013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     72143318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1724013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     19627226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1724013                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     19361994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1856630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     17372748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1856630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     41508931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1856630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     17505364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1856630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17372748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1856630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     17240131                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               517734403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1856630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      3713259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1724013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1856630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1856630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3182793                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3713259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1724013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1724013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1724013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1724013                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1856630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1856630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1856630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1856630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1856630                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           34082413                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         190569758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              190569758                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         190569758                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1856630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     41508931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      3713259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     11670243                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1724013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     19627226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1856630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     40978466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1856630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     41774164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3182793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23738335                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3713259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     11935475                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1724013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     70286689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1724013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     72143318                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1724013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     19627226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1724013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     19361994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1856630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     17372748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1856630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     41508931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1856630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     17505364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1856630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17372748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1856630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     17240131                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              708304161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2314605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180489                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162516                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11301                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80301                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62579                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9849                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          499                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1895416                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1131382                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180489                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72428                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         36004                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        44482                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110561                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11171                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2187430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        1964351     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7882      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16247      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6782      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36115      1.65%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32544      1.49%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6410      0.29%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13389      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103710      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2187430                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077978                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.488801                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1884162                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        56134                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222128                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          724                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24274                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        15980                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1326830                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24274                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1886699                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         37598                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        11935                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220412                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         6504                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1324852                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2418                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         2578                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           62                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1565752                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6233767                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6233767                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         216775                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          159                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           84                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           18431                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308935                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154729                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1451                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7488                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1320066                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256636                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          990                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125478                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       306772                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2187430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1740244     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134268      6.14%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109878      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47717      2.18%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60371      2.76%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57700      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32861      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2817      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1574      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2187430                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3181     11.20%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24474     86.21%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          735      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792802     63.09%     63.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10974      0.87%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298707     23.77%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154078     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256636                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.542916                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28390                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022592                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4730081                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1445749                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243756                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285026                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2271                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16236                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          112                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24274                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         34113                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1626                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1320224                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           21                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308935                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154729                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           84                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1113                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            9                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5787                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7079                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12866                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246435                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297503                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10200                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451539                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163007                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154036                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.538509                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1243885                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243756                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673311                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1332805                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.537351                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.505183                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       144835                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11337                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2163156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1736255     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156217      7.22%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73123      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        71858      3.32%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19742      0.91%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83820      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6551      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4573      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11017      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2163156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        11017                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3472532                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2665073                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 43002                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                127175                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.314605                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.314605                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.432039                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.432039                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6152132                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1451238                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1568927                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2314605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         210555                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175429                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20824                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74687                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22072                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1817815                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1154047                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            210555                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        96759                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              239343                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         59061                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        53500                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          114565                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19845                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2148705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.660507                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.040951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1909362     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          14381      0.67%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17994      0.84%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          29029      1.35%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          12149      0.57%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          15962      0.74%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          18267      0.85%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8718      0.41%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         122843      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2148705                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.090968                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.498593                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1807091                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        65498                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          238114                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          173                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        37828                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        31767                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1409495                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        37828                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1809453                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles          5759                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        54129                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          235892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         5643                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1399942                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents          810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3854                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1954885                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6504682                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6504682                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1598474                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         356406                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          331                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           21176                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       132306                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        67630                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          816                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        14961                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1363594                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          333                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1296893                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1669                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186942                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       394522                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2148705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1601234     74.52%     74.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248259     11.55%     86.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       102307      4.76%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57315      2.67%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77682      3.62%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24542      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23924      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12443      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          999      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2148705                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9014     78.77%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1262     11.03%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1167     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1092677     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17579      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          158      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119230      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67249      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1296893                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.560309                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11443                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008823                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4755600                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1550888                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1260518                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1308336                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28284                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           20                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1520                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        37828                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles          4286                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles          559                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1363928                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132306                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67630                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          498                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           20                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11401                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12247                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        23648                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1272400                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116753                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24490                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             183955                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         179317                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            67202                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.549727                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1260564                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1260518                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          755058                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2028948                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.544593                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372143                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       930044                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1146204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217732                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          321                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        20781                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2110877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1625699     77.02%     77.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       246022     11.65%     88.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89139      4.22%     92.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44368      2.10%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40625      1.92%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17259      0.82%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16997      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8121      0.38%     98.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22647      1.07%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2110877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       930044                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1146204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               170131                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              104022                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           166170                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1031951                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        23691                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        22647                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3452153                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2765712                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 29429                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                165900                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            930044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1146204                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       930044                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.488705                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.488705                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.401815                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.401815                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5723049                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1762652                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1301887                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2314573                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         175331                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157201                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15352                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117943                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114778                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9605                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          451                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1858102                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1000640                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            175331                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       124383                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              221745                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         50992                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        21239                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          113641                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14861                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2136650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        1914905     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          34589      1.62%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          16277      0.76%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          33888      1.59%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4           9387      0.44%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          31726      1.48%     95.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           4571      0.21%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           7812      0.37%     96.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          83495      3.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2136650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.075751                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.432322                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1846047                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        33971                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          221163                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          238                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        35225                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        15589                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          339                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1110762                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1536                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        35225                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1847798                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         18633                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        10492                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          219484                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         5012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1108369                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         3605                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1445265                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      5010563                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      5010563                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1139071                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         306100                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          136                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts           69                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           13584                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       208003                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        30050                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          307                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         6396                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1100973                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          137                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1018751                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          903                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220771                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       471677                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2136650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476798                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1692862     79.23%     79.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132874      6.22%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154206      7.22%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87541      4.10%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44638      2.09%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11734      0.55%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12210      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          320      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          265      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2136650                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1678     57.47%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          682     23.36%     80.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          560     19.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793863     77.93%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7418      0.73%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187755     18.43%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29648      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1018751                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.440146                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2920                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002866                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4177975                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1321889                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       990433                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1021671                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          817                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45881                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        35225                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         13831                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          610                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1101110                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           49                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       208003                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        30050                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           69                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          339                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           12                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9375                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6732                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        16107                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1005175                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185078                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13576                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             214716                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         152948                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            29638                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.434281                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent               990860                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count              990433                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          601152                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1279400                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.427912                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.469870                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       786600                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       878102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222980                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        15083                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2101425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1777946     84.61%     84.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124588      5.93%     90.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82240      3.91%     94.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25603      1.22%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44354      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7902      0.38%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5228      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4581      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28983      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2101425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       786600                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       878102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               190985                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              162110                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           135325                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          765271                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        10296                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        28983                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3173524                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2237482                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 43519                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                177923                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            786600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              878102                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       786600                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.942503                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.942503                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.339847                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.339847                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        4682267                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1284456                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1189233                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2314605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         180711                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162624                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11255                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71039                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62698                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9886                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          524                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1896695                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1131247                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            180711                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        72584                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              223149                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         35795                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        43394                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          110619                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11132                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2187526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        1964377     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           7869      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          16481      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           6801      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          36164      1.65%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          32670      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           6278      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          13366      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         103520      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2187526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.078074                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.488743                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1885706                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        54770                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          222199                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          734                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        24109                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        16098                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1325776                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        24109                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1888209                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         35725                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        12334                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          220543                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         6598                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1324059                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         2439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         2565                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          160                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1564225                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6228967                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6228967                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1349630                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         214587                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts           85                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           18259                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       308440                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       154772                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1383                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         7510                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1319590                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          159                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1257097                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          997                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       124272                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       301929                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2187526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1739910     79.54%     79.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134461      6.15%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110131      5.03%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47797      2.18%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60263      2.75%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57780      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32834      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2773      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1577      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2187526                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3171     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24455     86.22%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          737      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793255     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11014      0.88%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298682     23.76%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154071     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1257097                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.543115                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28363                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022562                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4731080                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1444068                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1244175                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285460                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2233                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15704                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1665                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          112                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        24109                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         32334                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1656                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1319749                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308440                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154772                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           85                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1135                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5779                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        12859                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246842                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297530                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10255                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             451555                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         163251                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           154025                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.538685                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1244291                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1244175                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          673687                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1332027                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.537532                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505761                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000381                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1176016                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       143857                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        11293                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2163417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1735977     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156612      7.24%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73175      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72081      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19690      0.91%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83824      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6471      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4591      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10996      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2163417                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1000381                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1176016                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               445840                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              292733                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           155428                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1045798                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        11465                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        10996                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3472294                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2663866                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 42996                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                127079                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1000381                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1176016                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1000381                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.313723                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.313723                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.432204                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.432204                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6153483                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1451644                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1568794                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2314605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         180693                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162719                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11283                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73100                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9828                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          521                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1894108                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1131641                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            180693                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        72373                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              223100                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         36039                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        44966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          110526                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11158                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2186678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.608062                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941160                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        1963578     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           7801      0.36%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          16465      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           6687      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          36141      1.65%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          32611      1.49%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6254      0.29%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          13428      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         103713      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2186678                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.078066                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488913                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1882900                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        56567                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          222116                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          762                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        24325                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        15987                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1326737                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        24325                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1885491                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         36992                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        12784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          220380                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6698                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1324820                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2493                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         2615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           67                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1565797                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6232588                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6232588                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1347770                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         217977                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           19007                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       308514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       154516                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1445                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         7489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1319988                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256168                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          936                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125706                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       307388                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2186678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371200                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1739881     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       133947      6.13%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109890      5.03%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47639      2.18%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60263      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57830      2.64%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32856      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2790      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1582      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2186678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3161     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24474     86.32%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          716      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792794     63.11%     63.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10960      0.87%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298400     23.75%     87.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       153939     12.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256168                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.542714                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28351                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022569                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4728301                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1445902                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243341                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284519                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2320                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15888                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1473                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          112                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        24325                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         33439                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1679                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1320149                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           15                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154516                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1170                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5790                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7175                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        12965                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1245908                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297250                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10260                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             451161                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         162996                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           153911                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.538281                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1243465                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1243341                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          673209                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1332644                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.537172                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.505168                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999302                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174699                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145544                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        11320                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2162353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1735601     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156263      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        72912      3.37%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72148      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19563      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83812      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6502      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4572      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10980      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2162353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       999302                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1174699                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               445663                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              292624                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           155249                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1044606                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        11438                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        10980                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3471616                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2664857                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 42952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                127927                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            999302                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1174699                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       999302                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.316222                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.316222                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.431738                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.431738                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6149316                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1450890                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1568930                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2314605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         186449                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       152778                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20126                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76280                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          70929                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          18838                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          906                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1788814                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1064027                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            186449                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        89767                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              232822                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         57410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        62821                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          111740                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19852                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2121437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.967222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        1888615     89.03%     89.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          24692      1.16%     90.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          29157      1.37%     91.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          15713      0.74%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          17630      0.83%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          10573      0.50%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6947      0.33%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          17942      0.85%     94.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         110168      5.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2121437                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.080553                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.459701                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1773576                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        78671                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          230658                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         1949                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        36580                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        30154                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1297429                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2082                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        36580                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1776902                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         14862                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        55248                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          229332                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         8510                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1295543                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1895                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1803512                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6030069                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6030069                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1511701                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         291799                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          194                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           24325                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       123894                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        66675                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1661                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        14170                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1291982                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1213385                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1419                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       176104                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       409906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           43                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2121437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.571964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.263439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1610426     75.91%     75.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       205560      9.69%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110305      5.20%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76616      3.61%     94.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66822      3.15%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33748      1.59%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8457      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5427      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4076      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2121437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           327     12.39%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1118     42.35%     54.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1195     45.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1016617     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18749      1.55%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          147      0.01%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111858      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        66014      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1213385                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.524230                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2640                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002176                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4552266                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1468473                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1191366                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1216025                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3122                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23624                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1808                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           74                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        36580                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         10683                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1126                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1292332                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123894                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        66675                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          754                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10972                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11714                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        22686                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1193721                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104982                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19664                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             170961                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         166586                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            65979                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.515734                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1191465                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1191366                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          709062                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1856578                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.514717                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381919                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       887739                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1089203                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203140                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          301                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        20046                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2084857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522435                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1639790     78.65%     78.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       206695      9.91%     88.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86504      4.15%     92.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51643      2.48%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        35756      1.72%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23337      1.12%     98.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12286      0.59%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9622      0.46%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19224      0.92%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2084857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       887739                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1089203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               165137                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              100270                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           155888                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          981940                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        22152                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        19224                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3357963                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2621271                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 29494                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                193168                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            887739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1089203                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       887739                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.607303                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.607303                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.383538                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.383538                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5384135                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1656531                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1210221                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2314605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         210666                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       175531                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20775                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79662                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74613                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          22111                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          930                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1818381                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1154896                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            210666                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        96724                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              239481                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         58901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        52796                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          114532                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19778                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2148591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.661036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.042158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1909110     88.85%     88.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          14382      0.67%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          18130      0.84%     90.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          29042      1.35%     91.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          12196      0.57%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          15743      0.73%     93.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          18140      0.84%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8596      0.40%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         123252      5.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2148591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.091016                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.498960                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1807642                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        64859                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          238204                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          171                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        37714                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        31751                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1410281                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        37714                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1810066                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          5606                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        53557                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          235925                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         5722                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1400405                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          768                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         3950                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1956115                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6507083                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6507083                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1601067                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         355048                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          341                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          181                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           21653                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       132445                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        67686                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          801                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        14963                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1364936                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          343                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1298148                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1675                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       186492                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       394289                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2148591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1600449     74.49%     74.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       248649     11.57%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       102179      4.76%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57757      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77670      3.61%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24599      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        23869      1.11%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12371      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1048      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2148591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9098     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1272     11.02%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1172     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1093730     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        17603      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119322      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        67334      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1298148                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.560851                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             11542                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008891                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4758104                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1551791                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1262013                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1309690                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          989                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28225                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1436                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        37714                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          4211                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1365280                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1114                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       132445                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        67686                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          182                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          468                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11466                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12297                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        23763                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1273812                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       116873                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        24336                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             184172                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         179632                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            67299                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.550337                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1262054                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1262013                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          756279                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2031208                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.545239                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372330                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       931594                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1148156                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217134                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          322                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        20735                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2110877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1624712     76.97%     76.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       246668     11.69%     88.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89292      4.23%     92.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        44506      2.11%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        40574      1.92%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17250      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17024      0.81%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8112      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22739      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2110877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       931594                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1148156                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               170470                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              104220                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           166473                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1033701                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        23734                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        22739                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3453415                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2768299                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 29389                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                166014                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            931594                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1148156                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       931594                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.484564                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.484564                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.402485                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.402485                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5729578                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1765169                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1302995                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2314605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         180356                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146989                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19038                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        73710                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68563                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17913                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          819                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1743434                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1065348                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            180356                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        86476                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              218522                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         59503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        59746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          108964                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19075                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2061481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1842959     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          11467      0.56%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          18279      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          27386      1.33%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          11653      0.57%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          13831      0.67%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          14066      0.68%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          10018      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         111822      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2061481                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077921                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.460272                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1721483                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        82362                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          216889                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1272                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39472                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        29361                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1291173                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1064                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39472                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1725762                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         40354                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        28768                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          214012                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        13110                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1288298                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         6639                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          881                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1763235                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6004902                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6004902                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1452521                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         310708                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          280                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          147                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           38478                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       130269                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        72083                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3642                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        13897                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1283631                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          279                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1197527                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1845                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       197938                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456941                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2061481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580906                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1551987     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206241     10.00%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114110      5.54%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        75109      3.64%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68641      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21423      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15170      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5360      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3440      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2061481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           329     11.13%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1216     41.14%     52.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1411     47.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       985938     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22002      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          133      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118776      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70678      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1197527                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.517379                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2956                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002468                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4461336                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1481914                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1175475                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1200483                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5670                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27393                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          956                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39472                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         30486                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1459                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1283910                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           89                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130269                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72083                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          147                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          746                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           36                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10167                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11800                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        21967                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1180059                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112385                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17468                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             182924                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         159987                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            70539                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.509832                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1175567                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1175475                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          695572                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1764790                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.507851                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.394139                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       870139                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1061272                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223624                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        19367                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2022009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524860                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1592153     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204596     10.12%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84789      4.19%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43651      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32664      1.62%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18510      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11373      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9483      0.47%     98.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24790      1.23%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2022009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       870139                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1061272                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               170167                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              102872                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           147378                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          959537                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        20711                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        24790                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3282115                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2609276                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 31231                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                253124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            870139                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1061272                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       870139                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.660041                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.660041                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.375934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.375934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5356302                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1607028                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1223492                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2314605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         179972                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       146722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19141                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74584                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          68709                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17949                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          855                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1746323                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1063697                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            179972                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        86658                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              218402                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         59701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        55021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          109156                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19166                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2059616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.627809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.994004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        1841214     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          11457      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          18537      0.90%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          27489      1.33%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          11548      0.56%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          13660      0.66%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          14061      0.68%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          10010      0.49%     94.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         111640      5.42%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2059616                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077755                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.459559                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1724636                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        77345                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          216839                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1230                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        39563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        29249                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          310                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1289291                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1072                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        39563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1728849                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         37752                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        26606                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          214001                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        12842                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1286516                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         6554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          860                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1760850                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5997025                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5997025                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1449720                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         311130                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          144                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           37973                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       130138                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        71827                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3593                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        13877                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1281959                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          276                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1195900                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1847                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       198312                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456508                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2059616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580642                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.265265                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1550234     75.27%     75.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       206605     10.03%     85.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113920      5.53%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        75101      3.65%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68616      3.33%     97.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        21327      1.04%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15064      0.73%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5323      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3426      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2059616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           333     11.55%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1172     40.64%     52.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1379     47.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       984940     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21996      1.84%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          132      0.01%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118491      9.91%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        70341      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1195900                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.516676                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2884                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002412                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4456147                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1480612                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1173815                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1198784                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5608                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27482                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4687                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          942                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        39563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         27944                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1481                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1282235                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           86                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130138                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71827                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          144                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          784                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           37                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10321                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11786                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        22107                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1178391                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112223                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17509                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             182432                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         159697                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            70209                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.509111                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1173910                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1173815                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          694895                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1762479                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.507134                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.394271                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       868458                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1059141                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       224150                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          264                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        19475                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2020053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1590679     78.74%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       204545     10.13%     88.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        84655      4.19%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43553      2.16%     95.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        32613      1.61%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18542      0.92%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11356      0.56%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9551      0.47%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24559      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2020053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       868458                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1059141                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               169796                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              102656                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               132                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           147051                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          957605                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        20654                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        24559                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3278785                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2606151                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 31392                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                254989                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            868458                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1059141                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       868458                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.665189                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.665189                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.375208                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.375208                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5349272                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1605119                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1221398                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          264                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2314605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         175145                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157035                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15333                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117925                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114733                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9670                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          459                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1857556                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1000393                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            175145                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       124403                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              221699                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         51013                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        21404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          113608                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14855                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2136264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521665                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.764680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        1914565     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          34579      1.62%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          16381      0.77%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          33906      1.59%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4           9281      0.43%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          31761      1.49%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           4494      0.21%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           7913      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          83384      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2136264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.075669                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.432209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1845418                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        34228                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          221110                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          232                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        35270                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        15576                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          335                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1110153                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1493                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        35270                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1847152                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         19039                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        10354                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          219431                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         5012                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1107745                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         3658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1444228                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5008245                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5008245                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1138087                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         306137                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          136                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           69                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           13365                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       207980                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        29998                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          240                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         6390                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1100580                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          137                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1018768                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          868                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221097                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       470172                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2136264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1692749     79.24%     79.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132709      6.21%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154098      7.21%     92.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87288      4.09%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44799      2.10%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11767      0.55%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12274      0.57%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          316      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          264      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2136264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1670     57.51%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          676     23.28%     80.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          558     19.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       793943     77.93%     77.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7397      0.73%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187751     18.43%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29610      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1018768                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.440148                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2904                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002851                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4177572                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1321821                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       990473                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1021672                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          788                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45928                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1155                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        35270                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         14070                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1100717                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207980                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29998                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           69                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          370                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9384                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6717                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        16101                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1005056                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       184942                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13712                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             214548                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         152911                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            29606                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.434224                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent               990899                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count              990473                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          601360                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1280652                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.427923                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.469573                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       786037                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       877414                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223339                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        15067                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2100994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288689                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1777831     84.62%     84.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124473      5.92%     90.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82073      3.91%     94.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25518      1.21%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44392      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7994      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5208      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4585      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28920      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2100994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       786037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       877414                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               190893                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              162050                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           135226                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          764655                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        10284                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        28920                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3172827                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2236795                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 43538                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                178341                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            786037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              877414                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       786037                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.944651                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.944651                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.339599                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.339599                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        4681989                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1284219                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1188992                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2314605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         175188                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157089                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        15324                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       117963                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         114769                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9614                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          441                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1857906                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1000095                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            175188                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       124383                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              221637                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         50924                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        21528                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          113608                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14848                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2136596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521329                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.763982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1914959     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          34550      1.62%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          16389      0.77%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          33923      1.59%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4           9337      0.44%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          31727      1.48%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           4497      0.21%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           7905      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8          83309      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2136596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.075688                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.432080                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1845908                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        34209                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          221050                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          233                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        35190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        15593                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          335                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1109633                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1493                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        35190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1847628                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         18993                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        10433                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          219394                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         4952                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1107281                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents          811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         3609                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1444152                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5005167                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5005167                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1138650                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         305495                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          136                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           69                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           13214                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       207778                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        29972                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          258                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         6374                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1100155                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          137                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1018822                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          901                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       220270                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       467713                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2136596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476844                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1692792     79.23%     79.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       132996      6.22%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       154191      7.22%     92.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87326      4.09%     96.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        44722      2.09%     98.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        11685      0.55%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12299      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          321      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          264      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2136596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1676     57.38%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          685     23.45%     80.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          560     19.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       794022     77.94%     77.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7409      0.73%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           67      0.01%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       187722     18.43%     97.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        29602      2.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1018822                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.440171                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2921                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4178062                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1320569                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       990648                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1021743                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          780                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        45697                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1113                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        35190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         14074                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles          597                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1100292                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       207778                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        29972                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           69                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          336                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           16                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9392                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         6683                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        16075                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1005338                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       184987                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13484                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             214585                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         153036                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            29598                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.434345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent               991047                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count              990648                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          601233                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1279346                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.427999                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.469953                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       786357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps       877800                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       222536                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          136                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        15058                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2101406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1778058     84.61%     84.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       124631      5.93%     90.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82193      3.91%     94.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        25379      1.21%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44396      2.11%     97.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         7988      0.38%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5191      0.25%     98.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4584      0.22%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28986      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2101406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       786357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps       877800                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               190940                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              162081                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                68                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           135286                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          764995                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        10290                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        28986                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3172756                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2235876                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 43448                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                178009                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            786357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps              877800                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       786357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.943453                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.943453                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.339737                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.339737                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        4682628                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1284776                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1188605                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          136                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2314605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         190511                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156011                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20277                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76837                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          72946                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19249                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          919                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1824679                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1066336                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            190511                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        92195                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              221378                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         56469                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        42572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          113214                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20138                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2124588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1903210     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          10124      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          16098      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          21514      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          22772      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          19455      0.92%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          10096      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          16105      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         105214      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2124588                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082308                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460699                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1805894                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        61755                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          220817                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          328                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        35792                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        31102                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          168                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1307370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        35792                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1811326                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         13470                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        36572                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          215710                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        11716                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1305810                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1492                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1823596                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6071309                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6071309                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1546027                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         277551                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           37172                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       123034                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        65041                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          730                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        14440                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1302808                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1225866                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          258                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       163872                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       400928                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2124588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1607436     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211748      9.97%     85.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107820      5.07%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81454      3.83%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64015      3.01%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25685      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16630      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8549      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1251      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2124588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           278     12.72%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          800     36.60%     49.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1108     50.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1031792     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18199      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       110959      9.05%     94.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64764      5.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1225866                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.529622                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2186                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4578764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1466991                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1205007                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1228052                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2351                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22579                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1136                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        35792                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         10828                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1185                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1303112                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123034                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65041                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1011                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10947                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12071                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        23018                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1206923                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104103                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18943                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             168854                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         171088                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            64751                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.521438                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1205075                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1205007                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          693079                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1869255                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.520610                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.370778                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       901387                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1109261                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193861                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        20338                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2088796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531053                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1634049     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225451     10.79%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85064      4.07%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40449      1.94%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33796      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19788      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17842      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7697      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24660      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2088796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       901387                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1109261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               164360                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              100455                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           160027                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          999387                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        22852                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        24660                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3367258                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2642047                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 29512                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                190017                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            901387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1109261                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       901387                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.567826                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.567826                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.389434                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.389434                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5429690                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1680862                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1210101                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2314605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         180411                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162408                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11257                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        69876                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62627                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9835                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          502                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1894401                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1130789                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            180411                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        72462                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              222940                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         35960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        44934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          110500                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11139                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2186724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940186                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1963784     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           7826      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          16368      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           6759      0.31%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          36086      1.65%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          32550      1.49%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6452      0.30%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          13364      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         103535      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2186724                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077945                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.488545                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1882991                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        56724                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          222009                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          722                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        24270                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        16012                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          180                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1325665                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        24270                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1885519                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         36655                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        13260                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          220321                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         6691                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1323962                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2370                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         2644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          213                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1564160                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6229159                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6229159                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1347385                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         216766                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          163                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           88                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           18452                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       308623                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       154652                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1373                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         7492                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1319325                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          162                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256020                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          978                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125620                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       305625                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2186724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370922                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1739709     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       134448      6.15%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       109524      5.01%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        47723      2.18%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60346      2.76%     95.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        57864      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32716      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2797      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1597      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2186724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3130     11.05%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        24475     86.41%     97.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          719      2.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792356     63.08%     63.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10992      0.88%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298552     23.77%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154045     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256020                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.542650                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28324                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022551                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4728066                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1445154                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243168                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16023                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1622                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          111                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        24270                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         33090                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1588                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1319487                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308623                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154652                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           88                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1080                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5871                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7063                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        12934                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1245794                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297392                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             451403                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         162937                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           154011                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.538232                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1243284                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1243168                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          673113                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1331810                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.537097                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.505412                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999088                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174435                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145198                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        11297                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2162454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543103                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1735693     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       156251      7.23%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73023      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72088      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19607      0.91%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        83801      3.88%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6460      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4567      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        10964      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2162454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       999088                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1174435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               445630                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              292600                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           155206                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1044375                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        11435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        10964                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3471123                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2663544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 42941                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                127881                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            999088                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1174435                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       999088                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.316718                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.316718                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.431645                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.431645                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6149081                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1450136                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1568260                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2314605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         190750                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156068                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20022                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77555                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73247                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19408                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          923                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1825613                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1067819                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            190750                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        92655                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              221886                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         55635                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        41996                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          113041                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19874                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2124874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1902988     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          10273      0.48%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          16142      0.76%     90.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          21743      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          22681      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          19314      0.91%     93.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          10413      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          16000      0.75%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         105320      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2124874                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.082411                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.461340                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1806893                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        61099                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          221347                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          322                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        35211                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        31263                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          168                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1309273                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1025                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        35211                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1812253                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         13334                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        36151                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          216314                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        11609                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1307856                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1545                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         5087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1825605                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6081998                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6081998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1552768                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         272834                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           36273                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       123190                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        65326                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          754                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        14536                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1305008                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1229785                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          251                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       161640                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       393387                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2124874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1606554     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211864      9.97%     85.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107696      5.07%     90.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82082      3.86%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64375      3.03%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26005      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16563      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8500      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1235      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2124874                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           282     12.85%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          799     36.42%     49.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1113     50.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1034799     84.14%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18329      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111423      9.06%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        65082      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1229785                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531315                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2194                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001784                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4586889                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1466959                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1209148                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1231979                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2523                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22287                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1150                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        35211                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         10626                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1192                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1305312                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          576                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123190                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65326                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1017                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10791                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11855                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        22646                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1211050                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104542                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18735                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             169610                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         171678                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            65068                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523221                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1209212                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1209148                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          695428                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1875652                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.522399                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.370766                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       905337                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1114139                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       191169                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        20083                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2089663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.381882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1633198     78.16%     78.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225987     10.81%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85587      4.10%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40596      1.94%     95.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34041      1.63%     96.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19879      0.95%     97.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17820      0.85%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7729      0.37%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24826      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2089663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       905337                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1114139                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               165076                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              100901                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           160730                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1003799                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        22960                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        24826                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3370145                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2645836                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 29264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                189731                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            905337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1114139                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       905337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.556623                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.556623                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.391141                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.391141                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5448679                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1685615                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1212247                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2314605                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         190710                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156163                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20233                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        76896                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73043                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19251                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          897                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1824631                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1067384                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            190710                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        92294                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              221531                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         56420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        43603                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          113181                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20102                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2125719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964674                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        1904188     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          10046      0.47%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          16147      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          21574      1.01%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          22714      1.07%     92.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          19377      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          10285      0.48%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          16094      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         105294      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2125719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082394                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461152                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1805825                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        62806                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          220975                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          324                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        35787                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        31149                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          168                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1308629                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        35787                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1811279                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         13404                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        37653                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          215839                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        11755                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1307102                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         5173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1825120                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6077664                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6077664                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1547078                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         278042                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           37159                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       123127                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        65136                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          716                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        14489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1304170                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1227111                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          256                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       164500                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       402294                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2125719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577269                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.271611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1608330     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211735      9.96%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107590      5.06%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        81739      3.85%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64119      3.02%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25828      1.22%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16511      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8639      0.41%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1228      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2125719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           286     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          793     36.26%     49.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1108     50.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1032790     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18200      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111098      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64871      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1227111                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.530160                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2187                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4582384                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1468981                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1206245                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1229298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2348                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22616                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1192                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        35787                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         10749                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1191                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1304474                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123127                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65136                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1020                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10918                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12050                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        22968                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1208141                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104090                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18970                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             168948                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         171258                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            64858                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.521964                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1206313                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1206245                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          693573                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1871201                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.521145                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.370657                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       901990                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1109998                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       194486                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        20294                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2089932                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531117                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1634989     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225483     10.79%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85182      4.08%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40413      1.93%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33806      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19806      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17866      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7634      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24753      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2089932                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       901990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1109998                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               164455                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              100511                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           160131                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1000050                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        22866                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        24753                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3369663                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2644758                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 29446                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                188886                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            901990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1109998                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       901990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.566109                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.566109                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.389695                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.389695                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5434969                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1682461                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1211245                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2314597                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         190729                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       156160                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20106                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        77613                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73237                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19288                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          925                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1826262                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1067845                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            190729                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        92525                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              221795                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         56035                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        42965                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          113105                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        19961                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2126718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.964529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1904923     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          10189      0.48%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          16100      0.76%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          21616      1.02%     91.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          22825      1.07%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          19352      0.91%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          10355      0.49%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          16020      0.75%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         105338      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2126718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.082403                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461352                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1807513                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        62118                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          221207                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          349                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        35529                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        31170                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1309393                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        35529                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1812914                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         13386                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        37156                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          216148                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        11583                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1307665                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1497                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1825667                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6081392                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6081392                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1549942                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         275725                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          304                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           36668                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       123121                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        65198                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          716                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        14489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1304492                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          304                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1227704                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          253                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       163261                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       400184                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2126718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577276                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1608984     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       211828      9.96%     85.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       107412      5.05%     90.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82127      3.86%     94.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64298      3.02%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        25863      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16466      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         8552      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1188      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2126718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           301     13.66%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead          788     35.77%     49.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1114     50.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1033291     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18281      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       111065      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        64915      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1227704                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.530418                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2203                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001794                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4584582                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1468064                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1207302                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1229907                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2412                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22431                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1144                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        35529                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         10723                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1198                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1304796                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          560                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       123121                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        65198                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          152                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1024                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10865                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11900                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        22765                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1209125                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       104290                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18579                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             169191                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         171392                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            64901                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.522391                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1207370                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1207302                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          694107                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1872626                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.521604                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.370660                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       903641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1112032                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       192769                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        20167                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2091189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1635340     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       225817     10.80%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        85423      4.08%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        40543      1.94%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        33973      1.62%     96.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19867      0.95%     97.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17798      0.85%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7699      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24729      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2091189                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       903641                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1112032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               164744                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              100690                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           160426                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1001871                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        22905                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        24729                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3371261                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2645135                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 29368                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                187879                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            903641                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1112032                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       903641                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.561412                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.561412                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.390410                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.390410                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5440230                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1683509                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1211974                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3918                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32751.392424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           589844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36671                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          16.084754                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1068.059128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.088697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   173.046756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    20.473812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    40.441291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.042818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    82.063488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.114524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   169.450236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.950636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   174.219119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.407239                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    90.071738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.500736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    41.833393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.685492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   245.775174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.684734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   256.171429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    11.946001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    79.849513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    11.943768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    81.955445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.569476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    66.906400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.114756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   172.855707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.569546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    65.096261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.570598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    67.363691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.590576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    66.913283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          2007.120215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1172.550327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1960.806936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          2045.761151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2033.970619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1691.787859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1151.087435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          2938.069501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          2950.611659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1956.523400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1989.768008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1409.311188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2006.384456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1390.987556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1429.656203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1447.670447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.032595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.005281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.001234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.005171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.005317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.001277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.007500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.007818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.002501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.005275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.001987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.002042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.061252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.035783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.059839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.062432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.062072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.051629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.035128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.089663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.090046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.059708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.060723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.043009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.061230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.042450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.043630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.044179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          255                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          237                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          447                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2058                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                     7                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          447                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          396                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          255                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          405                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          394                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          239                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          447                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          441                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          252                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          252                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          239                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          396                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          239                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          240                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5028                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          309                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          179                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          131                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          309                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          315                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          179                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          313                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          131                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          130                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3904                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2119123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     47360288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4294823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     13456365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2002456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     22262092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2141891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     47524713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2263318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     47775181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3647040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     27307747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4245873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     13448616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1950648                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     72488754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2008098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     75845781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2033328                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     22448324                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1863971                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22332296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2411651                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19658287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2202659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     47648544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2161516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     20064884                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2115763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     19887117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2045298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19751969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       578768414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6986920                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6100176                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      13087096                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2119123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     47360288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4294823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     13456365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2002456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     22262092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2141891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     47524713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2263318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     47775181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3647040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     27307747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4245873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     13448616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1950648                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     79475674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2008098                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81945957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2033328                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     22448324                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1863971                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22332296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2411651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19658287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2202659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     47648544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2161516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     20064884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2115763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     19887117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2045298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19751969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        591855510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2119123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     47360288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4294823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     13456365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2002456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     22262092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2141891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     47524713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2263318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     47775181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3647040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     27307747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4245873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     13448616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1950648                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     79475674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2008098                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81945957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2033328                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     22448324                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1863971                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     22332296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2411651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19658287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2202659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     47648544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2161516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     20064884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2115763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     19887117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2045298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     19751969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       591855510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          330                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                8837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2058                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                95                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 8932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                8932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.441467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.266667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.432773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.444288                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344231                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.275229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.519355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.532839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.370000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.366834                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.354839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354054                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351351                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.431821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.926316                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.441467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.265060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.432773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.444288                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342256                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.273556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.542477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.552284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.370000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.366834                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.354839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.437080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.441467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.265060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.432773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.444288                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342256                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.273556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.542477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.552284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.370000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.366834                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.354839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.437080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151365.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151310.824281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153386.535714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152913.238636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154035.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150419.540541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152992.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153801.660194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161665.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151667.241270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       151960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152557.245810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151638.321429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149429.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150049.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150080.236025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154469.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150786.840954                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156409.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151677.864865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 143382.384615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152960.931507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172260.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150063.259542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157332.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152231.769968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       154394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152006.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151125.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151810.053435                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146092.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151938.223077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151668.871593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 148657.872340                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 148784.780488                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       148717                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151365.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151310.824281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153386.535714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152913.238636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154035.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150419.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152992.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153801.660194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161665.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151667.241270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       151960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152557.245810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151638.321429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149429.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150049.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149954.101887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154469.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150635.950368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156409.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151677.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 143382.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152960.931507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172260.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150063.259542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157332.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152231.769968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       154394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152006.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151125.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151810.053435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146092.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151938.223077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151602.333504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 151365.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151310.824281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 153386.535714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 152913.238636                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 154035.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150419.540541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152992.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 153801.660194                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 161665.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151667.241270                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       151960                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 152557.245810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 151638.321429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 149429.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 150049.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 149954.101887                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 154469.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 150635.950368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156409.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151677.864865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 143382.384615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 152960.931507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 172260.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 150063.259542                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 157332.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 152231.769968                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst       154394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 152006.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 151125.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 151810.053435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 146092.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151938.223077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151602.333504                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1437                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1437                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3816                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             88                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          309                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           90                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          131                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1305418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29163970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2665073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8330702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1244773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13639621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1330301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29549325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1448272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     29456646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2247972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16887899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2618211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8207523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1195593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     44372521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1250554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     46559154                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1277272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13834604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1107240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13831345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1598697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12034872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1388951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     29447808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1351066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     12380612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1301776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     12257759                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1231874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12178464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    356695868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      4246391                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      3712245                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7958636                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1305418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29163970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2665073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8330702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1244773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13639621                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1330301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29549325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1448272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     29456646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2247972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16887899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2618211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8207523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1195593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     48618912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1250554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     50271399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1277272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13834604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1107240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13831345                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1598697                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12034872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1388951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     29447808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1351066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     12380612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1301776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     12257759                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1231874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12178464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    364654504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1305418                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29163970                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2665073                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8330702                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1244773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     13639621                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1330301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     29549325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1448272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     29456646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2247972                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     16887899                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2618211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8207523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      1195593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     48618912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1250554                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     50271399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1277272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13834604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1107240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     13831345                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1598697                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12034872                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1388951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     29447808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1351066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     12380612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1301776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     12257759                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1231874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     12178464                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    364654504                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.441467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.266667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.432773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.444288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.344231                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.275229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.519355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.532839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.370000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.366834                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.354839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354054                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.431821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.926316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.441467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.265060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.432773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.444288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342256                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.273556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.542477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.552284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.370000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.366834                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.354839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.437080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.441467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.265060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.367246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.432773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.444288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342256                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.273556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.542477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.552284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.370000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.366834                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.354054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.441467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.354839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.354054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.437080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93244.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93175.623003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95181.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94667.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95751.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92159.601351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95021.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95628.883495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       103448                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93513.161905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93665.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94345.804469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93507.535714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91194.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91968.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91868.573499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96196.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92562.930417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98251.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93477.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 85172.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94735.239726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 114192.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91869.251908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99210.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94082.453674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96504.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93792.515152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        92984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93570.679389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        87991                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93680.492308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93473.759958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 90348.744681                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 90542.560976                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90439.045455                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93244.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93175.623003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95181.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94667.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95751.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92159.601351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95021.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95628.883495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93513.161905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93665.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94345.804469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93507.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91194.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91968.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91733.796226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96196.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92410.659926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98251.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93477.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 85172.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94735.239726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 114192.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91869.251908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99210.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94082.453674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96504.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93792.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        92984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93570.679389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        87991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93680.492308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93405.354508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 93244.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 93175.623003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 95181.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94667.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 95751.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92159.601351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 95021.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 95628.883495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93513.161905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 93665.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 94345.804469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 93507.535714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 91194.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 91968.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 91733.796226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 96196.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 92410.659926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 98251.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93477.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 85172.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 94735.239726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 114192.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91869.251908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 99210.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 94082.453674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 96504.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93792.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst        92984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93570.679389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst        87991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 93680.492308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93405.354508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.087807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.630162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.087807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110546                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2534833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2534833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2534833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2534833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2534833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2534833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168988.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 168988.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168988.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 168988.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 168988.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 168988.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2331290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2331290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2331290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2331290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2331290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2331290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166520.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166520.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166520.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166520.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166520.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166520.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             291431.492228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.835518                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.164482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.393889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.606111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280693                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2527                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    307286927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    307286927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    307286927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    307286927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    307286927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    307286927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283220                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121601.474871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121601.474871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121601.474871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121601.474871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 121601.474871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121601.474871                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           99                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              99                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1818                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1818                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79829186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79829186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79829186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79829186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     79829186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79829186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112594.056417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112594.056417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112594.056417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112594.056417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 112594.056417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112594.056417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              476.576180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              735275365                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1516031.680412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    21.576180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.034577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.763744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       114524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       114524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         114524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       114524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        114524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6526698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6526698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6526698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6526698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6526698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6526698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       114565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114565                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       114565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       114565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       114565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       114565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159187.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159187.756098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159187.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159187.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159187.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159187.756098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4908165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4908165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4908165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4908165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4908165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4908165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163605.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163605.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163605.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163605.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 163605.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163605.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  332                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              106621440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             181328.979592                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   124.394884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   131.605116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.485918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.514082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        89625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        65775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65775                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       155400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         155400                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       155400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        155400                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total          873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total          873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     88208088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88208088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       510763                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       510763                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     88718851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     88718851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     88718851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     88718851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        90491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90491                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        65782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          162                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       156273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       156273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005586                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005586                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101856.914550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101856.914550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 72966.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72966.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101625.258877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101625.258877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 101625.258877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101625.258877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              72                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          536                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          541                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          332                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     30782703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30782703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       134455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       134455                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     30917158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30917158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     30917158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30917158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93280.918182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93280.918182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 67227.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67227.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93123.969880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93123.969880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93123.969880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93123.969880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              538.042033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              627180169                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1163599.571429                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.042033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.019298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       113628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       113628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         113628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       113628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        113628                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2273923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2273923                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2273923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2273923                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2273923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2273923                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       113641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       113641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       113641                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       113641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       113641                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174917.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 174917.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174917.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 174917.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 174917.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 174917.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2137823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2137823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2137823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2137823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2137823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2137823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164447.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164447.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164447.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164447.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164447.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164447.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  402                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              147679784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             224437.361702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   137.344117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   118.655883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.536500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.463500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       170658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        28740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28740                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       199398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         199398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       199398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        199398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    149851602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149851602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    149851602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    149851602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    149851602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    149851602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       172036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        28740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28740                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       200776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       200776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108745.719884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108745.719884                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108745.719884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108745.719884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 108745.719884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108745.719884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              36                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          975                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          975                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41349776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41349776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41349776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41349776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     41349776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41349776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102604.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102604.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102604.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102604.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102604.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102604.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              556.113630                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750118436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1346711.734291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.113630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         110604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       110604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        110604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2552703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2552703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2552703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2552703                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2552703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2552703                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       110619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       110619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       110619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170180.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170180.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170180.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170180.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170180.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170180.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2329512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2329512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2329512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2329512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2329512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2329512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166393.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166393.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166393.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166393.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166393.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166393.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  714                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              281231422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             289929.301031                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   100.832063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   155.167937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.393875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.606125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       280706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280706                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       152957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152957                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       433663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         433663                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       433663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        433663                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2566                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    310031543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    310031543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    310031543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    310031543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    310031543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    310031543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       283272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283272                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       152957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       436229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       436229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005882                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005882                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120822.892829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120822.892829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120822.892829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120822.892829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 120822.892829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120822.892829                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           99                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              99                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1852                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          714                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     80402218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80402218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     80402218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80402218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     80402218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80402218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112608.148459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112608.148459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112608.148459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112608.148459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 112608.148459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112608.148459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              555.949699                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750118342                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1346711.565530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    12.949699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.020753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.890945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       110510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       110510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         110510                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       110510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        110510                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2735813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2735813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2735813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2735813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2735813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2735813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       110526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       110526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       110526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       110526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       110526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170988.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170988.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170988.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170988.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 170988.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170988.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2488628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2488628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2488628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2488628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2488628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2488628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177759.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177759.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177759.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177759.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 177759.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 177759.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              281231017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             291431.105699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   100.687341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   155.312659                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.393310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.606690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       280368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       152889                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152889                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       433257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         433257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       433257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        433257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2564                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    312048008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    312048008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    312048008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    312048008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    312048008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    312048008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       282932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       282932                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       152889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152889                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       435821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       435821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       435821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       435821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121703.591264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121703.591264                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121703.591264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121703.591264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 121703.591264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121703.591264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             108                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1855                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     79727981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79727981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     79727981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79727981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     79727981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79727981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112451.313117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112451.313117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112451.313117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112451.313117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 112451.313117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112451.313117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              500.886626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              732326858                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1444431.672584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    18.886626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.030267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       111709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        111709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       111709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         111709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       111709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        111709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4858967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4858967                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4858967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4858967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4858967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4858967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       111740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       111740                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       111740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       111740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       111740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       111740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156740.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156740.870968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156740.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156740.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 156740.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156740.870968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4058356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4058356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4058356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4058356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4058356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4058356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162334.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162334.240000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162334.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162334.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 162334.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162334.240000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  523                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              115427504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             148173.946085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   157.996439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    98.003561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.617174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.382826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        76631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        64496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64496                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       141127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         141127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       141127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        141127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    218354819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    218354819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      4604541                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4604541                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    222959360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    222959360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    222959360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222959360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        78367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        78367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        64543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64543                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       142910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       142910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       142910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       142910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.022152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022152                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125780.425691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125780.425691                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 97968.957447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97968.957447                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125047.313517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125047.313517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 125047.313517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125047.313517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             189                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1260                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          523                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     52495286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52495286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       208564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208564                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     52703850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52703850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     52703850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52703850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100952.473077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100952.473077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69521.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69521.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100772.179732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100772.179732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100772.179732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100772.179732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              476.606515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              735275334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1516031.616495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    21.606515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.034626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.763792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       114493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        114493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       114493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         114493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       114493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        114493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6038277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6038277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6038277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6038277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6038277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6038277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       114532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       114532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       114532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       114532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       114532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000341                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154827.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154827.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154827.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154827.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154827.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154827.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4812124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4812124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4812124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4812124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4812124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4812124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160404.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160404.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160404.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160404.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 160404.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160404.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              106621695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             182259.307692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   124.182855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   131.817145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.485089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.514911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        89729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         89729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        65914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        65914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       155643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         155643                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       155643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        155643                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total          857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total          857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     86488446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86488446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       542562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     87031008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     87031008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     87031008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     87031008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        90579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        65921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        65921                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          161                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       156500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       156500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101751.112941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101751.112941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 77508.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77508.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101553.101517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101553.101517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 101553.101517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101553.101517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              70                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          528                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          329                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30308186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30308186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       133277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30441463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     30441463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     30441463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     30441463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92685.584098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92685.584098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 66638.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66638.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92527.243161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92527.243161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 92527.243161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92527.243161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              501.684674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              735399935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1464940.109562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.684674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.020328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       108948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        108948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       108948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         108948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       108948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        108948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2386392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2386392                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2386392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2386392                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2386392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2386392                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       108964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       108964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       108964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       108964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       108964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       108964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149149.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 149149.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149149.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 149149.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 149149.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 149149.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2094492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2094492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2094492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2094492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2094492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2094492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161114.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161114.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161114.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161114.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 161114.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161114.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  977                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              122589060                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             99423.406326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   190.449955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    65.550045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.743945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.256055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        82396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        66611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66611                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       149007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         149007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       149007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        149007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          333                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2610                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2610                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    302034945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    302034945                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     60807850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     60807850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    362842795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    362842795                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    362842795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    362842795                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        84673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        66944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66944                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          133                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       151617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151617                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       151617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151617                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.026892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004974                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004974                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.017214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.017214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 132646.001318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132646.001318                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 182606.156156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 182606.156156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 139020.227969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139020.227969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 139020.227969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139020.227969                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             450                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          286                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1633                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1633                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    108555862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108555862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7502774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7502774                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    116058636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116058636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    116058636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116058636                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.010983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 116726.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116726.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 159633.489362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159633.489362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118790.824974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118790.824974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 118790.824974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118790.824974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              501.683933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              735400127                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1464940.492032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    12.683933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.020327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       109140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        109140                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       109140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         109140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       109140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        109140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2498840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2498840                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2498840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2498840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2498840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2498840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       109156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       109156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       109156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       109156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       109156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       109156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156177.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156177.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156177.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156177.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156177.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156177.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2133735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2133735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2133735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2133735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2133735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2133735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164133.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164133.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164133.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164133.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 164133.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164133.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  985                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              122588896                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 1241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             98782.349718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   190.993654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    65.006346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.746069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.253931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        82372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82372                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        66472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66472                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       148844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         148844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       148844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        148844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         2575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         2575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         2575                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    303013837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    303013837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     55192138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     55192138                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    358205975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    358205975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    358205975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    358205975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        84629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        66790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          132                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       151419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       151419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.026669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026669                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004761                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.017006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.017006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 134255.133806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134255.133806                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 173560.182390                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173560.182390                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 139109.116505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139109.116505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 139109.116505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139109.116505                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             447                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          277                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1590                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1590                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    111949722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111949722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      6502659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6502659                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    118452381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118452381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    118452381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118452381                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000614                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000614                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 118590.807203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118590.807203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 158601.439024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158601.439024                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120256.224365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120256.224365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 120256.224365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120256.224365                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              537.945161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              627180136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1163599.510204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    11.945161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.019143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       113595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       113595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         113595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       113595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        113595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2332397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2332397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2332397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2332397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2332397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2332397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       113608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       113608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       113608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       113608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       113608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179415.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179415.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179415.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179415.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 179415.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179415.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2197097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2197097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2197097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2197097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2197097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2197097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169007.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169007.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169007.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169007.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 169007.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169007.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  400                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              147679657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  656                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             225121.428354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   136.879697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   119.120303                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.534686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.465314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       170563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        28708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       199271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         199271                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       199271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        199271                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1382                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    149859859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149859859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    149859859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    149859859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    149859859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    149859859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       171945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        28708                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28708                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       200653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       200653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108436.945731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108436.945731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108436.945731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108436.945731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 108436.945731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108436.945731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     41246452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     41246452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     41246452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41246452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002326                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103116.130000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103116.130000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103116.130000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103116.130000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 103116.130000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103116.130000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              537.942940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              627180136                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1163599.510204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    11.942940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.019139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       113595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       113595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         113595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       113595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        113595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2150371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2150371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2150371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2150371                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2150371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2150371                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       113608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113608                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       113608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       113608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       113608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       113608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165413.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165413.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165413.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165413.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 165413.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165413.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2014671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2014671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2014671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2014671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2014671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2014671                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154974.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154974.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154974.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154974.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 154974.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154974.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  398                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              147679731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             225809.986239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   136.815953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   119.184047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.534437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.465563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       170621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        170621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        28724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        28724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       199345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         199345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       199345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        199345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1385                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    151918218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151918218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    151918218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    151918218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    151918218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    151918218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       172006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       172006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        28724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        28724                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           68                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       200730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       200730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       200730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       200730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008052                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109688.244043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109688.244043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109688.244043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109688.244043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 109688.244043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109688.244043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              35                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41335800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41335800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41335800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41335800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     41335800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41335800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001983                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001983                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103858.793970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103858.793970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103858.793970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103858.793970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 103858.793970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103858.793970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              488.568601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              731806865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1496537.556237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.568601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.021745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       113199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       113199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         113199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       113199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        113199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2867157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2867157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2867157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2867157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2867157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2867157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       113214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       113214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       113214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       113214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       113214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 191143.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 191143.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 191143.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 191143.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 191143.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 191143.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2573617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2573617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2573617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2573617                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2573617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2573617                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 183829.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183829.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 183829.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183829.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 183829.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 183829.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              110531448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             176567.808307                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   139.871801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   116.128199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.546374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.453626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        76384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        63618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63618                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         140002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       140002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        140002                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    148402756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    148402756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    148402756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    148402756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    148402756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    148402756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        77604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        63618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63618                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       141222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       141222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015721                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121641.603279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121641.603279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121641.603279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121641.603279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 121641.603279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121641.603279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     37261555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37261555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     37261555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37261555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     37261555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37261555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100706.905405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100706.905405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100706.905405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100706.905405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 100706.905405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100706.905405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              556.113844                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750118317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1346711.520646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.113844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.021016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       110485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       110485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         110485                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       110485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        110485                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2640085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2640085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2640085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2640085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2640085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2640085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       110500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       110500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       110500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       110500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       110500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176005.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176005.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176005.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176005.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176005.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176005.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2417548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2417548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2417548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2417548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2417548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2417548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       172682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       172682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst       172682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       172682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  709                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              281231264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  965                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             291431.361658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   100.874875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   155.125125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.394042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.605958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       280625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       152880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152880                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       433505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         433505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       433505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        433505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2522                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    311042621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    311042621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    311042621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    311042621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    311042621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    311042621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       283147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       152880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152880                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           77                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       436027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       436027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005784                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005784                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123331.729183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123331.729183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123331.729183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123331.729183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 123331.729183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123331.729183                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1813                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1813                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     80941382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80941382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     80941382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80941382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     80941382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80941382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114162.739069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114162.739069                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114162.739069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114162.739069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 114162.739069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114162.739069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              488.568651                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              731806692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1496537.202454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.568651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.021745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       113026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       113026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         113026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       113026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        113026                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2582523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2582523                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2582523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2582523                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2582523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2582523                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       113041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       113041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       113041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       113041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       113041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172168.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172168.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172168.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172168.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 172168.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172168.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2340686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2340686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2340686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2340686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2340686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2340686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167191.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167191.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167191.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167191.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 167191.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167191.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  372                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              110531865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             176006.154459                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   140.096836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   115.903164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.547253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.452747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        76531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76531                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        63888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       140419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         140419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       140419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        140419                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    150478228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150478228                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    150478228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    150478228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    150478228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    150478228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        77768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        63888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63888                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       141656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       141656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121647.718674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121647.718674                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121647.718674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121647.718674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 121647.718674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121647.718674                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          864                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37707023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37707023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37707023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37707023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     37707023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37707023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101091.214477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101091.214477                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101091.214477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101091.214477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 101091.214477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101091.214477                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              488.569718                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              731806832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1496537.488753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.569718                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.021746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       113166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       113166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         113166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       113166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        113166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2519902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2519902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2519902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2519902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2519902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2519902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       113181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113181                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       113181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       113181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       113181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       113181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167993.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 167993.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167993.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 167993.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 167993.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 167993.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2272037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2272037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2272037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2272037                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2272037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2272037                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162288.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162288.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162288.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162288.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 162288.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162288.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              110531459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             176567.825879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   139.920591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   116.079409                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.546565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.453435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        76356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        63657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63657                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       140013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         140013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       140013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        140013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1220                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    146967898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146967898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    146967898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    146967898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    146967898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    146967898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        77576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        63657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       141233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       141233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015727                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120465.490164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120465.490164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120465.490164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120465.490164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120465.490164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120465.490164                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     37481739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37481739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     37481739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37481739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     37481739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37481739                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004770                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101301.997297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101301.997297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101301.997297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101301.997297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101301.997297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101301.997297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              488.589675                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              731806756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1496537.333333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.589675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.021778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.782996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       113090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        113090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       113090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         113090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       113090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        113090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2462938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2462938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2462938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2462938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2462938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2462938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       113105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113105                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       113105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       113105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       113105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       113105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164195.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164195.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164195.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164195.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 164195.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164195.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2219993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2219993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2219993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2219993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2219993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2219993                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158570.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158570.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158570.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158570.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 158570.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 158570.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  370                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              110531661                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  626                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             176568.148562                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   139.900267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   116.099733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.546485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.453515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        76448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         76448                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        63767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        63767                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         140215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       140215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        140215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         1216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         1216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    146232087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146232087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    146232087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    146232087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    146232087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    146232087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        77664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        77664                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        63767                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        63767                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       141431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       141431                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       141431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       141431                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120256.650493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120256.650493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120256.650493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120256.650493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 120256.650493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120256.650493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     37402936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     37402936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     37402936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     37402936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     37402936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     37402936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101089.016216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101089.016216                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101089.016216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101089.016216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101089.016216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101089.016216                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
