
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001128                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1128031704                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               400624746102                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 381874                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   503724                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37030                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67762112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30462.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11632763210                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15344567492                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        14976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        68480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        68608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        68224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        67840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        24448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        19200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        11008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        69248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        24576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        68736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               646784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           43008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       318976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            318976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          192                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2836800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     60707514                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2836800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     60820986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2836800                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     60480570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     60140154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21673150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     17020798                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9758591                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1588608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21786622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2950272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     61388346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1702080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21786622                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3063744                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     60934458                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               573373955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2836800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2836800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2836800                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1588608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2950272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1702080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      3063744                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           38126588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         282772194                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              282772194                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         282772194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13276223                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2836800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     60707514                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2836800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     60820986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2836800                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     60480570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     60140154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21673150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     17020798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9758591                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1588608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21786622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2950272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     61388346                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1702080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21786622                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      3063744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     60934458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              856146150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         210690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       172558                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21976                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86427                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          80773                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1006                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2011514                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1178591                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            210690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       102016                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              244796                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61078                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       115293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles          640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124474                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2166284     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          11230      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          17825      0.74%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          23879      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          25123      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          21391      0.89%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          11493      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          17591      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         116264      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2411080                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077886                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.435690                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1991681                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       136251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          244135                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34332                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1444721                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1257                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1997669                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         15898                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       107328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          238522                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        13043                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1443017                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1786                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         5701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2014017                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6710241                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6710241                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1715223                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         298783                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          347                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           40504                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       136070                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72363                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          809                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        27284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1439616                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          349                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1356974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          338                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       177271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       431350                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.562808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.252021                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829521     75.88%     75.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       245410     10.18%     86.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122608      5.09%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86451      3.59%     94.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69333      2.88%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        28840      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18198      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9477      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1242      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2411080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           310     12.77%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          887     36.55%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1230     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1141483     84.12%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20236      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          168      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       123081      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72006      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1356974                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501633                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2427                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001789                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5127792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1617250                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1334937                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1359401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2936                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1467                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        38616                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         12912                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1439971                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          652                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       136070                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72363                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          968                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12082                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12932                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25014                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1337075                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       115700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             187684                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         189544                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            71984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494277                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1335028                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1334937                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          767690                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2069518                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493487                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370951                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1230442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       209535                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          341                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22032                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518635                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352008                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1860346     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       257252     10.84%     89.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93960      3.96%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45024      1.90%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        42288      1.78%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22082      0.93%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16500      0.70%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8460      0.36%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26552      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2372464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1230442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111451                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           177388                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1108626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25333                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        26552                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3785876                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2918581                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 32161                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                294033                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1230442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.705113                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.705113                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.369670                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.369670                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6016422                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1861080                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1338479                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         148562                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121069                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16209                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60249                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56125                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14610                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          701                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1435731                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts               878838                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            148562                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        70735                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              180072                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         51617                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       178114                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines           90178                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16140                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      1828719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585029                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        1648647     90.15%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           9433      0.52%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          14921      0.82%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          22285      1.22%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4           9531      0.52%     93.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          11303      0.62%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          11658      0.64%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7           8391      0.46%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8          92550      5.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      1828719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.054919                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.324880                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1416612                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       197906                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          178577                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1149                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        34470                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        24065                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          334                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1065642                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1376                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        34470                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1420478                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         53117                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       130476                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          175898                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        14275                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1062592                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          974                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         3737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6307                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3131                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1451448                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      4953336                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      4953336                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1181391                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         270057                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          132                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           34807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       109290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        59574                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3065                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        11495                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1058394                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          244                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued          982005                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1995                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       172964                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404591                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1828719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.536991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.224964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1409348     77.07%     77.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       170921      9.35%     86.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        93676      5.12%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61733      3.38%     94.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56086      3.07%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17466      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12319      0.67%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4415      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2755      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1828719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           293     12.04%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1025     42.11%     54.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1116     45.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       807846     82.26%     82.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18028      1.84%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        97939      9.97%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58084      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total       982005                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.363018                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2434                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002479                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3797158                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1231679                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       963212                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses       984439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4686                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25354                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4616                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          788                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        34470                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         41453                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1475                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1058642                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           47                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents          783                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           81                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8517                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10131                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        18648                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts       967291                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        92729                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             150684                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         130905                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            57955                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.357579                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent               963349                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count              963212                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          570169                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1447168                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.356071                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.393990                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       708299                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps       863927                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       195471                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        16429                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1794249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.481498                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1443743     80.47%     80.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166915      9.30%     89.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69420      3.87%     93.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35561      1.98%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26370      1.47%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15112      0.84%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9443      0.53%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7689      0.43%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19996      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1794249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       708299                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps       863927                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               138894                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads               83936                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           120028                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts          781000                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        16847                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        19996                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            2833638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2153279                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 26458                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                876394                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            708299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps              863927                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       708299                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.819168                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.819168                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.261837                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.261837                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        4391441                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1315221                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1009098                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2705106                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         148882                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16347                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60309                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56274                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14686                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          709                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1438794                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts               879376                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            148882                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        70960                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              180168                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         51703                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       170611                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines           90411                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16250                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      1824328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        1644160     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1           9458      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          14948      0.82%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          22406      1.23%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4           9500      0.52%     93.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          11280      0.62%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          11674      0.64%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7           8336      0.46%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8          92566      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      1824328                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.055037                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.325080                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1419994                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       190101                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          178662                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1144                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        34422                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        24042                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          335                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1065617                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        34422                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1423884                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         56177                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       120068                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          176004                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        13768                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1062592                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2304                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         6243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2607                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1452616                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      4952079                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      4952079                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1182664                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         269952                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          257                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          149                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           34538                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       108828                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        59538                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3037                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        11499                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1058435                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          260                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued          983317                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1908                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       172123                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       398646                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           38                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1824328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1404102     76.97%     76.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       171170      9.38%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94249      5.17%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61844      3.39%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56098      3.07%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17401      0.95%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12318      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4356      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2790      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1824328                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           287     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1002     41.85%     53.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1105     46.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       809080     82.28%     82.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18038      1.83%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98012      9.97%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58079      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total       983317                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.363504                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2394                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002435                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3795264                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1230895                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       964068                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses       985711                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4606                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24818                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           80                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4539                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          795                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        34422                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         43463                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1545                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1058699                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           37                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       108828                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59538                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          149                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          863                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           80                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8643                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10205                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        18848                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts       968148                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        92699                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15169                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             150652                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         131307                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            57953                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.357897                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent               964197                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count              964068                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          570968                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1447811                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.356388                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.394366                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       709025                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps       864818                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       194635                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          222                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        16561                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1789906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.483164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1438964     80.39%     80.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167168      9.34%     89.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69590      3.89%     93.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35485      1.98%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26275      1.47%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15251      0.85%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9496      0.53%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7732      0.43%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19945      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1789906                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       709025                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps       864818                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               139009                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads               84010                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           120168                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          781791                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        16864                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        19945                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            2829401                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2153344                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 26591                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                880778                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            709025                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps              864818                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       709025                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.815248                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.815248                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.262106                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.262106                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        4394107                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1317124                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1009567                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          222                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         201295                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21515                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81065                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76330                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20367                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1925035                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1150220                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            201295                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        96697                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              251355                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         62097                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       179706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          120307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21336                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2396273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.929756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2144918     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          26667      1.11%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          31005      1.29%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          16943      0.71%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          19236      0.80%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          11082      0.46%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7547      0.31%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          19754      0.82%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         119121      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2396273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.074413                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.425202                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1909222                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       196095                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          249133                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1989                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39829                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        32569                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1403912                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39829                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1912688                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         18387                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       168930                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          247624                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8810                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1402003                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1950877                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6526661                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6526661                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1630346                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         320522                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           26153                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       134714                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        71922                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        15788                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397663                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310689                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1910                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195724                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       457369                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2396273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.546970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1845525     77.02%     77.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220537      9.20%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119245      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82456      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72228      3.01%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36899      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9151      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5875      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4357      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2396273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     10.71%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1392     46.14%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1302     43.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1097731     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20431      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121109      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71259      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310689                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.484523                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3017                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002302                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5022578                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1593785                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286220                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313706                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3122                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26857                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           74                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39829                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         14194                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1050                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134714                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71922                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          724                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11825                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12562                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24387                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289130                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113119                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21559                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             184340                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         179454                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            71221                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.476553                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1286312                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1286220                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          765671                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2008483                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.475477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381219                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957165                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174194                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223841                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21476                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2356444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.498291                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.313540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1876519     79.63%     79.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222706      9.45%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93698      3.98%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55405      2.35%     95.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38602      1.64%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25191      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13346      0.57%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10378      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20599      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2356444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       957165                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1174194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               177615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              107857                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           168046                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1058580                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        23880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        20599                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3733880                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2835909                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 31464                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                308840                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            957165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1174194                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       957165                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.826172                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.826172                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.353835                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.353835                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5812402                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1788832                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1307470                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         201008                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164772                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21489                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80956                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76222                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20340                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1922479                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1148626                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            201008                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        96562                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              250997                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         62022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       186445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          120151                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21311                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2400049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2149052     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          26632      1.11%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          30946      1.29%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          16915      0.70%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          19210      0.80%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          11071      0.46%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           7543      0.31%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          19731      0.82%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         118949      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2400049                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.074307                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.424613                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1906687                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       202814                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          248782                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         1981                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        39780                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        32528                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1401949                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        39780                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1910145                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         19873                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       174177                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          247273                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         8796                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1400040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4320                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1948078                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6517500                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6517500                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1627927                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         320117                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           26113                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       134534                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        71845                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        15767                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1395696                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1308819                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1907                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195475                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2400049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545330                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1850067     77.08%     77.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220241      9.18%     86.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119074      4.96%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82348      3.43%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72123      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36847      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9134      0.38%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5865      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4350      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2400049                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     10.71%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1392     46.15%     56.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1301     43.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1096138     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20399      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120945      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71178      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1308819                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.483832                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3016                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5022607                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1591569                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1284383                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1311835                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3123                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26823                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           74                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        39780                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         15686                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1050                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1396058                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134534                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71845                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          724                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11812                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        24356                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1287294                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112971                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21522                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             184111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         179191                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            71140                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.475874                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1284475                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1284383                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          764558                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2005488                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.474798                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381233                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       955780                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1172497                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       223554                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        21450                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2360269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.311805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1881027     79.70%     79.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222402      9.42%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93554      3.96%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55327      2.34%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38546      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25154      1.07%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13329      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10362      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20568      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2360269                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       955780                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1172497                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               177383                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              107708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           167795                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1057064                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        23848                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        20568                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3735752                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2831909                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 31428                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                305064                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            955780                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1172497                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       955780                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.830267                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.830267                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.353324                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.353324                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5804144                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1786208                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1305691                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2705112                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         234365                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195301                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23002                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91017                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83378                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24692                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1039                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2029360                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1285526                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            234365                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       108070                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              266903                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         65149                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       172432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3737                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           85                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          127675                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21956                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2514448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996421                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2247545     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          16078      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20399      0.81%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          32683      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          13361      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          17424      0.69%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          20267      0.81%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9535      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         137156      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2514448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086638                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.475221                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2021236                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       185741                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          265591                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          160                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        41714                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        35339                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1570658                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1292                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        41714                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2023754                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          6390                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       173219                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          263201                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6164                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1560679                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          859                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2180836                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7253262                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7253262                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1788676                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         392160                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           22750                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       147833                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        75278                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          872                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        17078                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521849                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1447966                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2031                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206599                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       438106                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2514448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575858                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1902458     75.66%     75.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       278167     11.06%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113922      4.53%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64556      2.57%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        86181      3.43%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27496      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26707      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13847      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1114      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2514448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10203     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1432     11.06%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1313     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1220027     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19576      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133243      9.20%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74943      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1447966                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.535270                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12948                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008942                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5425359                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1728842                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407973                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1460914                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1121                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31580                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1436                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        41714                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          4789                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          665                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1522224                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          960                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147833                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75278                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          591                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12917                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13268                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        26185                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1421223                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130441                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26743                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             205358                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         200285                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            74917                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.525384                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1408009                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1407973                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          843467                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2268487                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.520486                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371819                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1040427                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1281930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240299                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22987                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2472734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1929786     78.04%     78.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275549     11.14%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99877      4.04%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49462      2.00%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45379      1.84%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19187      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19050      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9062      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25382      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2472734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1040427                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1281930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               190095                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              116253                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           185759                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1154170                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        26450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        25382                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3969568                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3086178                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32836                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                190664                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1040427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1281930                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1040427                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.600002                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.600002                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.384615                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.384615                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6392411                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1969900                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1450486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         148723                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121153                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16291                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60162                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56065                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14705                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          711                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1438429                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts               879511                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            148723                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        70770                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              180134                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         51762                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       188457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines           90341                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16223                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      1841883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.927729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1661749     90.22%     90.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           9442      0.51%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          14858      0.81%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          22385      1.22%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4           9460      0.51%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          11296      0.61%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          11567      0.63%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8367      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          92759      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      1841883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.054978                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.325129                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1419230                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       208309                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          178687                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1123                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        34529                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        24135                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1066551                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        34529                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1423059                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         54637                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       140032                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          176007                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        13614                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1063616                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          814                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         3822                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         6122                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2622                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1452944                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      4957957                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      4957957                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1183032                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         269900                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          246                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          135                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           34311                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       109337                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        59635                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3032                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        11619                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1059591                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          248                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued          983673                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1953                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       172551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       403475                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           27                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1841883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.534058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.222587                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1422006     77.20%     77.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       170896      9.28%     86.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94025      5.10%     91.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61683      3.35%     94.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56261      3.05%     97.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17409      0.95%     98.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12412      0.67%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4411      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2780      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1841883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           290     11.96%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1018     41.98%     53.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1117     46.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       809178     82.26%     82.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18045      1.83%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98220      9.99%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58122      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total       983673                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.363635                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2425                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002465                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3813603                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1232469                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       964528                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses       986098                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4645                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25288                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           82                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4617                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          777                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        34529                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         42260                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1451                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1059843                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109337                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59635                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          138                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          785                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           75                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           82                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8520                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10186                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        18706                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts       968613                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        92833                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             150814                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         131156                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            57981                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.358067                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent               964662                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count              964528                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          570886                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1449024                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.356557                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.393980                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       709244                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       865116                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       195446                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16509                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1807354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.478664                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1456558     80.59%     80.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167070      9.24%     89.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69447      3.84%     93.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35468      1.96%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26463      1.46%     97.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15095      0.84%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9445      0.52%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7713      0.43%     98.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20095      1.11%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1807354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       709244                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       865116                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               139066                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads               84048                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           120218                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          782074                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        16879                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        20095                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            2847808                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2155678                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 26483                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                863230                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            709244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              865116                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       709244                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.814079                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.814079                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.262186                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.262186                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        4397002                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1317179                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1009866                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         148496                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121067                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16209                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60057                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56048                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14620                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          697                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1435469                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts               877956                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            148496                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        70668                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              179961                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         51542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       174231                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1731                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines           90149                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16118                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      1826131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        1646170     90.15%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           9502      0.52%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          14943      0.82%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          22317      1.22%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4           9511      0.52%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          11214      0.61%     93.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          11589      0.63%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           8204      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8          92681      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      1826131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.054895                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.324554                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1418133                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       194010                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          178450                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1140                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        34393                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        24019                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1064502                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1384                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        34393                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1422049                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         54331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       127399                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          175741                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        12213                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1061478                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          647                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2160                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         6401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          908                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1449851                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      4947820                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      4947820                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1181098                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         268746                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          245                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          134                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           34958                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       108977                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        59647                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3073                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        11585                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1057278                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          247                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued          982347                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1857                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       172427                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       398586                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           26                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1826131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.537939                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1406918     77.04%     77.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       170758      9.35%     86.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        93658      5.13%     91.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61555      3.37%     94.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56140      3.07%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17495      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12450      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4383      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2774      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1826131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           293     11.98%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1028     42.04%     54.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1124     45.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       807948     82.25%     82.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18005      1.83%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98140      9.99%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58146      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total       982347                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.363145                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2445                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002489                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3795126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1230030                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       963147                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses       984792                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4682                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25058                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4699                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          808                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        34393                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         41677                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1509                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1057529                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       108977                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59647                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          137                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          828                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           71                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8560                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10153                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        18713                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts       967304                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        92836                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15042                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             150839                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         130988                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            58003                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.357584                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent               963270                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count              963147                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          569946                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1446571                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.356047                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.393998                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       708138                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps       863726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       194609                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        16425                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1791738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.482060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324978                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1441477     80.45%     80.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166748      9.31%     89.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69411      3.87%     93.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35452      1.98%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26328      1.47%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15159      0.85%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9467      0.53%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7677      0.43%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20019      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1791738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       708138                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps       863726                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               138867                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads               83919                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           120001                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          780817                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        16843                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        20019                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            2830041                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2151082                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 26453                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                878982                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            708138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps              863726                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       708138                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.820036                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.820036                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.261778                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.261778                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        4391133                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1314994                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1008277                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2705106                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         189686                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168088                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16518                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122549                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117550                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11672                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1964386                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1074568                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            189686                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       129222                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              238390                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         53633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        76132                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          120147                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16102                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2315934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.524573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2077544     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          35349      1.53%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          18734      0.81%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          34240      1.48%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          11745      0.51%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          31606      1.36%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           5157      0.22%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9085      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8          92474      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2315934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070121                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.397237                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1938087                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       103111                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          237793                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          263                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        36679                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        19131                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1210840                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1370                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        36679                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1941342                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         65243                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        28211                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          234611                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9847                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1208307                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         7972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1594726                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      5486804                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      5486804                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1270396                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         324330                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           20987                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       209641                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        36414                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          282                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores         8268                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1200435                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1115502                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1089                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       229626                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       484307                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2315934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1828128     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       157378      6.80%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158370      6.84%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92742      4.00%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50244      2.17%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13211      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15198      0.66%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          365      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          298      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2315934                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2052     57.87%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          837     23.60%     81.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          657     18.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       880692     78.95%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9171      0.82%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189548     16.99%     96.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36008      3.23%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1115502                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.412369                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3546                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003179                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4551573                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1430235                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1085627                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1119048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          913                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44694                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1077                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        36679                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         53268                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          971                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1200600                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           58                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209641                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36414                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9887                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7580                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        17467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1099137                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186297                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16365                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             222296                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         166360                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            35999                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.406319                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1085965                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1085627                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          656238                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         1461246                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.401325                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.449095                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       855295                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps       968638                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       232022                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        16254                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2279255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.424980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289578                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1916009     84.06%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       144495      6.34%     90.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91284      4.00%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28632      1.26%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46981      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9665      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6287      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5508      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30394      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2279255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       855295                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps       968638                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               200284                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              164947                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           148446                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts          847700                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        12564                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        30394                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3449521                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2438021                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 44491                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                389172                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            855295                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps              968638                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       855295                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.162775                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.162775                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.316178                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.316178                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5093720                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1423982                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1269660                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         189057                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167564                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16469                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122304                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117311                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11610                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          560                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1959357                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1071197                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            189057                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       128921                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              237655                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         53496                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        87182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          119844                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16057                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2321132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.521608                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.771653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2083477     89.76%     89.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          35288      1.52%     91.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          18644      0.80%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          34185      1.47%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          11667      0.50%     94.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          31572      1.36%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           5139      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7           9051      0.39%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8          92109      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2321132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.069889                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.395990                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1932679                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       114542                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          237059                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          260                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        36591                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        19028                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1206694                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1370                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        36591                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1935977                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         73553                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        31244                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          233838                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         9928                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1204125                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents          982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         8056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1588809                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      5467177                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      5467177                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1265411                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         323395                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           21095                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       209254                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        36224                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          280                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         8223                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1196286                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1111567                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1083                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       229029                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       483093                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2321132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.478890                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1835011     79.06%     79.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       156707      6.75%     85.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       157999      6.81%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92464      3.98%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50020      2.15%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13156      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15112      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          366      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          297      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2321132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2045     57.75%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          839     23.69%     81.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          657     18.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       877343     78.93%     78.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9119      0.82%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       189204     17.02%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        35818      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1111567                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.410913                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3541                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003186                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4548890                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1425489                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1081789                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1115108                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          913                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44628                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            9                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1077                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        36591                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         61367                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles          985                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1196451                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           62                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209254                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36224                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            9                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9865                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7548                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        17413                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1095289                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       185968                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16278                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             221777                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         165787                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            35809                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.404896                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1082130                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1081789                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          653970                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1454610                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.399905                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.449584                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       852407                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps       965085                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       231425                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        16205                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2284541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1922805     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       143816      6.30%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90890      3.98%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28497      1.25%     95.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46859      2.05%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9617      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6250      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5479      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30328      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2284541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       852407                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps       965085                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               199773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              164626                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           147909                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          844538                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        12501                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        30328                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3450723                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2429634                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 44417                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                383981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            852407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps              965085                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       852407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.173499                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.173499                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.315110                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.315110                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5076462                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1418597                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1265879                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         201207                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164959                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21499                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        80992                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76258                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20347                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1924051                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1149849                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            201207                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        96605                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              251214                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         62162                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       189129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          120308                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21375                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2404597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.926347                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2153383     89.55%     89.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          26645      1.11%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          30965      1.29%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          16921      0.70%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          19221      0.80%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          11074      0.46%     93.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           7600      0.32%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          19736      0.82%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         119052      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2404597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.074380                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.425065                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1908087                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       205670                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          248997                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1983                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        39855                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        32540                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1403278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1928                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        39855                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1911547                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         20911                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       175937                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          247433                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8909                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1401369                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1725                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1949636                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6523057                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6523057                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1628561                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         321052                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          362                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          203                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           26454                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       134702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        71862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1685                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        15767                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1396709                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1309561                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1908                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       196025                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       458272                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2404597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1854283     77.11%     77.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220390      9.17%     86.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       119120      4.95%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82427      3.43%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72158      3.00%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36863      1.53%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9139      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5867      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4350      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2404597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           323     10.71%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1392     46.14%     56.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1302     43.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1096749     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20403      1.56%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       121051      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71199      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1309561                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.484106                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3017                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002304                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5028642                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1593132                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1285059                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1312578                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3122                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        26950                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           37                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2164                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           79                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          129                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        39855                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         16610                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1050                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1397071                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          512                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       134702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          724                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           37                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11816                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12551                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        24367                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1288024                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113069                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21535                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             184230                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         179268                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            71161                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.476144                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1285151                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1285059                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          764922                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2006396                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.475048                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.381242                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       956142                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1172945                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       224118                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          316                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        21460                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2364742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1885314     79.73%     79.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222491      9.41%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93595      3.96%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55342      2.34%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38562      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25162      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13332      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10364      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20580      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2364742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       956142                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1172945                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               177450                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              107752                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           167867                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1057457                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        23855                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        20580                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3741225                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2834001                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 31499                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                300516                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            956142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1172945                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       956142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.829196                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.829196                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.353457                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.353457                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5807139                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1787100                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1306964                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          316                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         234428                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       195334                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23077                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        91007                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83390                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24668                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1053                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2029069                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1285260                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            234428                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       108058                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              266926                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         65325                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       170484                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3803                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           95                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          127725                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22029                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2512409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.996950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2245483     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          16182      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20428      0.81%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          32712      1.30%     92.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          13322      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          17399      0.69%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          20176      0.80%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9503      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         137204      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2512409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086661                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.475122                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2021069                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       183745                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          265615                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          159                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        41815                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        35368                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1570202                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        41815                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2023582                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          6401                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       171251                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          263218                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1560202                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents          857                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2180234                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7250253                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7250253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1787159                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         393049                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          193                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           22629                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       147715                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        75205                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          881                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        17050                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1521178                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1447302                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2038                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207054                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       437906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2512409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1900685     75.65%     75.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       277993     11.06%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       113973      4.54%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64619      2.57%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85953      3.42%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27440      1.09%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26848      1.07%     99.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13778      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1120      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2512409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10195     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1423     11.01%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1312     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1219576     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19520      1.35%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          177      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       133143      9.20%     94.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74886      5.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1447302                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.535025                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12930                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008934                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5421980                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1728626                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1407210                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1460232                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31561                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1421                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        41815                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          4779                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          647                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1521553                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       147715                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        75205                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          194                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          578                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12966                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13309                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        26275                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1420488                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130361                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26813                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             205223                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         200250                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            74862                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.525112                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1407244                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1407210                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          842719                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         2266395                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.520204                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371832                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1039542                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1280835                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240710                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          361                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        23062                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2470594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1928082     78.04%     78.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       275355     11.15%     89.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99737      4.04%     93.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49461      2.00%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45328      1.83%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19194      0.78%     97.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19043      0.77%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9069      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25325      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2470594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1039542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1280835                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               189935                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              116154                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               180                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           185614                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1153174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        26427                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        25325                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3966801                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3084926                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 32916                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                192704                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1039542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1280835                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1039542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.602216                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.602216                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.384288                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.384288                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        6388770                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1969020                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1450081                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          360                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         190822                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169025                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16623                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       121091                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117897                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11774                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          556                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1970354                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1080169                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            190822                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       129671                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              239601                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         53999                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        78185                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          120612                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16199                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2325425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525245                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.777653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2085824     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          35453      1.52%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          18901      0.81%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          34401      1.48%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          11773      0.51%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          31757      1.37%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           5246      0.23%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           8953      0.39%     96.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          93117      4.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2325425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070541                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.399306                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1943976                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       105256                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          238974                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          277                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        36941                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        19304                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1217328                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1352                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        36941                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1947238                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         64889                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        30633                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          235796                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         9927                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1214792                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1020                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         7995                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1604348                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5515994                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5515994                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1275930                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         328392                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           21347                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       210029                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        36632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          225                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8341                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1206718                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1121310                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1166                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       231648                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       486562                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2325425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102160                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1835499     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       157868      6.79%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158988      6.84%     92.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93424      4.02%     96.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50239      2.16%     98.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13205      0.57%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15524      0.67%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          355      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          323      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2325425                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2097     58.35%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          836     23.26%     81.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          661     18.39%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       885581     78.98%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9239      0.82%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       190123     16.96%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36284      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1121310                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.414515                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3594                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003205                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4572802                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1438541                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1091282                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1124904                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1035                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44494                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1082                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        36941                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         50656                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          979                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1206883                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           72                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       210029                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          422                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9874                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7730                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        17604                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1104989                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       187005                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16318                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             223285                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         167196                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            36280                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.408482                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1091615                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1091282                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          659378                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1470538                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.403415                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.448392                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       858819                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps       972840                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234093                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        16362                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2288484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.290018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1923709     84.06%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       145215      6.35%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91565      4.00%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28677      1.25%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47169      2.06%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9760      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6310      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5504      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30575      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2288484                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       858819                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps       972840                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               201078                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              165528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           149074                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          851453                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        12647                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        30575                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3464842                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2450854                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 44666                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                379688                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            858819                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps              972840                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       858819                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.149806                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.149806                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.317480                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.317480                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5120291                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1432113                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1275998                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         150465                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       122683                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16340                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60617                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56580                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14786                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          683                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1449505                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts               890137                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            150465                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        71366                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              182224                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         52177                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       177549                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines           91022                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16243                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      1844504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587293                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        1662280     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1           9516      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          15068      0.82%     91.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          22609      1.23%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4           9622      0.52%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          11357      0.62%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          11751      0.64%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           8402      0.46%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8          93899      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      1844504                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.055622                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.329057                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1430249                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       197503                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          180701                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1157                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        34889                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        24315                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          339                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1078900                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1399                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        34889                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1434178                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         61190                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       123967                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          177992                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12283                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1075724                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6407                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents          957                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1469466                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      5013787                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      5013787                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1195048                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         274415                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          264                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          152                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           35101                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       110505                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        60418                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3116                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        11657                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1071441                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          268                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued          993950                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1959                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       176271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       411339                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           42                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1844504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.538871                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1420003     76.99%     76.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       172875      9.37%     86.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94986      5.15%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        62632      3.40%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56614      3.07%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17690      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12456      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4419      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2829      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1844504                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           294     12.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1031     42.10%     54.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1124     45.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       817303     82.23%     82.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18253      1.84%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          109      0.01%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99405     10.00%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58880      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total       993950                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.367434                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2449                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002464                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3836812                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1248056                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       974593                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses       996399                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4803                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25574                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           79                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4812                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          822                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        34889                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         49861                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1573                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1071713                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           20                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       110505                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60418                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          155                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          872                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           79                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8506                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10341                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        18847                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts       978856                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        93969                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15094                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             152710                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         132431                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            58741                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.361854                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent               974716                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count              974593                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          576958                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1464096                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.360278                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.394071                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       716604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps       873917                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       198674                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          226                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        16560                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1809615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.482930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1454962     80.40%     80.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168877      9.33%     89.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70325      3.89%     93.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36093      1.99%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26509      1.46%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15261      0.84%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9583      0.53%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7768      0.43%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20237      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1809615                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       716604                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps       873917                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               140535                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads               84929                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               112                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           121370                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          790045                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        17025                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        20237                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            2861956                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2180086                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 26669                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                860609                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            716604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps              873917                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       716604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.774906                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.774906                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.264907                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.264907                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        4443475                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1330839                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1022052                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          226                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2703711                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         190220                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16561                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       122675                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         117835                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11775                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          563                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1969085                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1077927                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            190220                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       129610                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              239074                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         53750                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        72003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          120452                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16157                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2317263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.526004                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.778366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2078189     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          35159      1.52%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          18895      0.82%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          34344      1.48%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          11923      0.51%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          31747      1.37%     95.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           5254      0.23%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           9058      0.39%     96.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          92694      4.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2317263                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070355                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.398684                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1942819                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        98951                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          238459                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        36754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        19145                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          348                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1214844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1368                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        36754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1946092                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         59992                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        29262                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          235277                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         9885                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1212270                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           11                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7970                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1600469                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5505397                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5505397                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1274899                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         325452                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          166                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           83                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           21205                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       209899                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        36632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          326                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8318                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1204219                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          165                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1119349                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1094                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       230034                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       484888                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            1                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2317263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.483048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.102369                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1827731     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       158133      6.82%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       158801      6.85%     92.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        93120      4.02%     96.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        50162      2.16%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        13237      0.57%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        15426      0.67%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          359      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          294      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2317263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2048     57.69%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          840     23.66%     81.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          662     18.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       883623     78.94%     78.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9237      0.83%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           83      0.01%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       190160     16.99%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        36246      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1119349                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.414005                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3550                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4560605                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1434426                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1089346                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1122899                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          955                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        44603                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            8                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1084                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        36754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         45689                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          990                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1204384                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           67                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       209899                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        36632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           83                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          433                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            8                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9982                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7549                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        17531                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1103037                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       186836                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        16312                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             223073                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         166783                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            36237                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.407971                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1089712                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1089346                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          658280                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1468074                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.402908                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.448397                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       857933                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       971944                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       232379                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          164                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16297                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2280509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426196                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.290826                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1915798     84.01%     84.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       145188      6.37%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91658      4.02%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        28716      1.26%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        47149      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         9742      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6277      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5524      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30457      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2280509                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       857933                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       971944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               200793                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              165264                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                82                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           148930                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          850698                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        12645                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        30457                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3454375                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2445543                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 44536                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                386448                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            857933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              971944                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       857933                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.151424                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.151424                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.317317                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.317317                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5111714                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1429155                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1273558                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          164                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2705113                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         148843                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       121239                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16303                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        60271                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          56179                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          711                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1441150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts               880527                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            148843                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        70875                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              180387                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         51891                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       169615                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines           90515                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16230                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      1826132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.587067                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.936295                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1645745     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           9449      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          14897      0.82%     91.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          22383      1.23%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4           9496      0.52%     93.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11361      0.62%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11583      0.63%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           8361      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          92857      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      1826132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.055023                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.325505                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1421942                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       189493                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          178922                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1124                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        34646                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        24155                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          336                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1067844                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1392                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        34646                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1425786                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         51263                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       124365                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          176235                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        13832                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1064747                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          902                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         3716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         6146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         2849                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1454276                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      4963653                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      4963653                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1183412                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         270787                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           34556                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       109582                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        59731                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3035                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        11522                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1060618                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          244                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued          984591                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1965                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173510                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404149                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1826132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.539167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1405572     76.97%     76.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       171338      9.38%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        94180      5.16%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61828      3.39%     94.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        56182      3.08%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17473      0.96%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12369      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4418      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2772      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1826132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           292     11.97%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1033     42.34%     54.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1115     45.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       809815     82.25%     82.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18046      1.83%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          108      0.01%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        98403      9.99%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58219      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total       984591                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.363974                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002478                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3799719                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1234450                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       965462                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses       987031                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4627                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25486                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           81                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4680                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          787                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        34646                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         36565                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1445                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1060866                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           51                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       109582                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        59731                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          134                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          769                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           78                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           81                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8550                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10162                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        18712                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts       969581                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        92983                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             151054                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         131242                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            58071                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.358425                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent               965608                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count              965462                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          571447                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1450485                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.356903                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.393970                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       709479                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       865424                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       196094                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        16522                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1791486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.483076                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.325819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1440381     80.40%     80.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167168      9.33%     89.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        69624      3.89%     93.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        35512      1.98%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26496      1.48%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15139      0.85%     97.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9424      0.53%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7687      0.43%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20055      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1791486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       709479                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       865424                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               139125                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads               84085                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           120270                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          782356                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        16890                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        20055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            2832936                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2157776                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 26603                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                878981                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            709479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              865424                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       709479                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.812816                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.812816                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.262273                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.262273                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        4401858                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1318330                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1011095                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          144                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2046.649811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         119300                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        54.425182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.649811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.748369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    60.100664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1936.150968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.029346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.945386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          281                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  98                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          284                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   286                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 144                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63577332                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173125899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63577332                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      173125899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63577332                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    109548567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     173125899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               427                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              98                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.337237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.334884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.334884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2354716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1202263.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2354716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1202263.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2354716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 936312.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1202263.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61206230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160482197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61206230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160482197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     61206230                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     99275967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160482197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.293970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.291771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.334884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2266897.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114459.701389                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2266897.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114459.701389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2266897.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848512.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1114459.701389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          560                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2044.629900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                          87167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        33.448580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.385865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    15.900788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   237.622028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1656.721220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.007764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.116026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.808946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.998354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          313                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   314                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                40                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 560                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60785158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    540477196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     601262354                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     45071757                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     45071757                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60785158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    585548953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      646334111                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     60785158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    585548953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     646334111                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               832                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              42                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.614144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.630896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.640732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.630896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.640732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2431406.320000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1091873.123232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1156273.757692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1126793.925000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1126793.925000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2431406.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1094484.024299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1154168.055357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2431406.320000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1094484.024299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1154168.055357                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                321                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     321                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58590158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    497012184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555602342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     41558647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41558647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58590158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    538570831                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    597160989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58590158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    538570831                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    597160989                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.614144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.630896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.630896                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2343606.320000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1004065.018182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1068466.042308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1038966.175000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1038966.175000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2343606.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1006674.450467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066358.908929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2343606.320000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1006674.450467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066358.908929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          561                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2044.366734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          87163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        33.434216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.832157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.811579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.692224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1659.030774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.007720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.114596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.810074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.998226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          314                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   315                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                44                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  561                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          536                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 561                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44661337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    532657088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     577318425                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     50192838                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     50192838                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44661337                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    582849926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      627511263                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44661337                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    582849926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     627511263                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              46                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.611940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.622892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.630588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.640411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.630588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.640411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1786453.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1082636.357724                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1116670.067698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1140746.318182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1140746.318182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1786453.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1087406.578358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1118558.401070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1786453.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1087406.578358                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1118558.401070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                323                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     323                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42466337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    489459488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    531925825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     46329638                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46329638                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42466337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    535789126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    578255463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     42466337                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    535789126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    578255463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.611940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.630588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.630588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1698653.480000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 994836.357724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1028870.067698                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1052946.318182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1052946.318182                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1698653.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 999606.578358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030758.401070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1698653.480000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 999606.578358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1030758.401070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.699072                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          95.005686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.738455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    63.575472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1875.379460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.031043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.915713                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     14904090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    132257713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     147161803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     14904090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    132257713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      147161803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     14904090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    132257713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     147161803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1064577.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 881718.086667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 897328.067073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1064577.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 881718.086667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 897328.067073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1064577.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 881718.086667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 897328.067073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13673915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    119084555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132758470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13673915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    119084555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    132758470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     13673915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    119084555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    132758470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 976708.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 793897.033333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809502.865854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 976708.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 793897.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809502.865854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 976708.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 793897.033333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 809502.865854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.696787                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          95.013148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.726897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    63.312142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1875.644600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.030914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.915842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11791323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    134549333                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     146340656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11791323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    134549333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      146340656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11791323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    134549333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     146340656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 842237.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 896995.553333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 892321.073171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 842237.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 896995.553333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 892321.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 842237.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 896995.553333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 892321.073171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10560189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    121375469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131935658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10560189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    121375469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131935658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     10560189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    121375469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131935658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 754299.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 809169.793333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 804485.719512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 754299.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 809169.793333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 804485.719512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 754299.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 809169.793333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 804485.719512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          111                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.567170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         132699                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        61.548701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.567170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    11.888020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    43.462089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1949.649890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.005805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.021222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.951977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          308                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 111                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100103210                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     73256730                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     173359940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100103210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     73256730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      173359940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100103210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     73256730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     173359940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.218274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.263658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.261792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.261792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 4004128.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 851822.441860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1561801.261261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 4004128.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 851822.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1561801.261261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 4004128.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 851822.441860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1561801.261261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     97908210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     65705930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    163614140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     97908210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     65705930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    163614140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     97908210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     65705930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    163614140                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.218274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261792                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.925926                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.261792                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3916328.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 764022.441860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1474001.261261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3916328.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 764022.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1474001.261261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3916328.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 764022.441860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1474001.261261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          559                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2044.402761                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          87166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        33.473886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.407790                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    16.431090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   237.145171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1656.418710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.008023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.115794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.808798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.998244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            372                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 372                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          313                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   314                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                41                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 560                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57285556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    529015600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     586301156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     47031177                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     47031177                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57285556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    576046777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      633332333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57285556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    576046777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     633332333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          372                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             372                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           43                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              43                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                874                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.612702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.624549                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.630024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.640732                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.630024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.640732                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2121687.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1075234.959350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1129674.674374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1147101.878049                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1147101.878049                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2121687.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1080763.183865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1130950.594643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2121687.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1080763.183865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1130950.594643                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                320                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     320                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           41                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            560                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54914956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    485806525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    540721481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     43429086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43429086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54914956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    529235611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    584150567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     54914956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    529235611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    584150567                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.612702                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.624549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.630024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640732                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.630024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.640732                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2033887.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 987411.636179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1041852.564547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1059246                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1059246                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2033887.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 992937.356473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1043126.012500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2033887.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 992937.356473                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1043126.012500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          556                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2044.174720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                          87164                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        33.511726                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks         134.206225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    16.377594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   232.318369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1660.272532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.113437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.810680                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.998132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   313                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          314                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   315                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 512                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 557                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61609090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    514851609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     576460699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     44698536                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     44698536                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61609090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    559550145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      621159235                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61609090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    559550145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     621159235                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               825                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.608532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.620606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.957447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.957447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.627962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.638761                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.627962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.638761                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2281818.148148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1061549.709278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1125899.802734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 993300.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 993300.800000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2281818.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1055754.990566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1115187.136445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2281818.148148                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1055754.990566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1115187.136445                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                320                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     320                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          530                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     59238490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    472253925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    531492415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     40745761                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40745761                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     59238490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    512999686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    572238176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     59238490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    512999686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    572238176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.608532                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.957447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.957447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.627962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.638761                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.627962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.638761                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2194018.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 973719.432990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1038071.123047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 905461.355556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 905461.355556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2194018.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 967923.935849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1027357.587074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2194018.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 967923.935849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1027357.587074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                          52197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        23.157498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.432298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.746025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    97.677358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1903.144320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.047694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.929270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14621706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    148157897                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     162779603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14621706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    148157897                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      162779603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14621706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    148157897                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     162779603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.407921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 974780.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775695.795812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790192.247573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 974780.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775695.795812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790192.247573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 974780.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 775695.795812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790192.247573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13304706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    131385532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144690238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13304706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    131385532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144690238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     13304706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    131385532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144690238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 886980.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 687882.366492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702379.796117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 886980.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 687882.366492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702379.796117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 886980.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 687882.366492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702379.796117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          52197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        23.157498                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.434014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.740514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    97.264255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1903.561217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.006709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.047492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.929473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  60                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10239922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    150107010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     160346932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10239922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    150107010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      160346932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10239922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    150107010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     160346932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              60                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.407921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.389796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.407921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 682661.466667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 785900.575916                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 778383.165049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 682661.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 785900.575916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 778383.165049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 682661.466667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 785900.575916                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 778383.165049                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8916047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    133232660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142148707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8916047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    133232660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    142148707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      8916047                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    133232660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    142148707                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.389796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.407921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 594403.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 697553.193717                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690042.266990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 594403.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 697553.193717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690042.266990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 594403.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 697553.193717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690042.266990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          167                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.696569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         135998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2215                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        61.398646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          95.004130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.738707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    63.448713                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1875.505019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.006708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.030981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.915774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 186                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 164                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10208954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    134669100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     144878054                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10208954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    134669100                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      144878054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10208954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    134669100                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     144878054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          475                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             186                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.335378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.315789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.335378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       729211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       897794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883402.768293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       729211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       897794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883402.768293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       729211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       897794                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883402.768293                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 96                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      96                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8979754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    121499100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130478854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8979754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    121499100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130478854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8979754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    121499100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130478854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.315789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       641411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       809994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795602.768293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       641411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       809994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795602.768293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst       641411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       809994                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795602.768293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.711705                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         132704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2158                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        61.493976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.711705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.033429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    43.547957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1949.418614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.005876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.021264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.951865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 101                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          311                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          311                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   313                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    104926175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     72108670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     177034845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    104926175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     72108670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      177034845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    104926175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     72108670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     177034845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             101                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                425                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               425                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.217722                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.264775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.263529                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.216625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.263529                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4035622.115385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 838472.906977                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1580668.258929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4035622.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 838472.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1580668.258929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 4035622.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 838472.906977                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1580668.258929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 52                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      52                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           86                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102643125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     64556369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167199494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102643125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     64556369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167199494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102643125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     64556369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167199494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.217722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.264775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.216625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.263529                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3947812.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 750655.453488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1492852.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3947812.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 750655.453488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1492852.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3947812.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 750655.453488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1492852.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          206                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          52195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2254                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        23.156610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.431862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.598204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    97.123714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1903.846221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.006640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.047424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.929612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             59                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  59                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   298                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 206                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          192                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 206                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12337303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    139525530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     151862833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12337303                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    139525530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      151862833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12337303                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    139525530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     151862833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          490                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           59                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              59                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          490                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.391837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.391837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.408730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.391837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.408730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 881235.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 726695.468750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 737198.218447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 881235.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 726695.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 737198.218447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 881235.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 726695.468750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 737198.218447                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 25                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      25                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11108103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    122667378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    133775481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11108103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    122667378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    133775481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11108103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    122667378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    133775481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.391837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.391837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.391837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.408730                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 793435.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 638892.593750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 649395.538835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 793435.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 638892.593750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 649395.538835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 793435.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 638892.593750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 649395.538835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          568                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2044.451242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                          87173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        33.386825                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks         134.445896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.237312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   236.582632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1656.185403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.115519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.808684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.998267                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   317                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            378                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 378                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    319                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          318                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   319                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          541                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 567                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     47375681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    514249968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     561625649                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     42833524                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     42833524                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     47375681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    557083492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      604459173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     47375681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    557083492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     604459173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               839                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          378                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             378                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.610837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.622169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.957447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.957447                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.629802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.639955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.629802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.639955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1822141.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1036794.290323                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1075911.204981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 951856.088889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951856.088889                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1822141.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1029729.190388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1066065.560847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1822141.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 1029729.190388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1066065.560847                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                325                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     325                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             567                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            567                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45092881                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    470693434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    515786315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     38881827                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38881827                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45092881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    509575261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    554668142                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     45092881                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    509575261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    554668142                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.610837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.622169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.957447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.957447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.629802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.639955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.629802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.639955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1734341.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 948978.697581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 988096.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 864040.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864040.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1734341.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 941913.606285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978250.691358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1734341.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 941913.606285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 978250.691358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          207                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          52198                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2255                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        23.147672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.432530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.739548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    97.650837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1903.177085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.006709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.047681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.929286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             61                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  61                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          299                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   299                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  209                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 209                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12969003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144909034                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     157878037                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12969003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144909034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      157878037                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     12969003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144909034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     157878037                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               508                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           61                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              61                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                508                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               508                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.411417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.411417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.411417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 864600.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 746953.783505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 755397.306220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 864600.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 746953.783505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 755397.306220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 864600.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 746953.783505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 755397.306220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 24                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      24                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            209                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            209                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11651857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    128046895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    139698752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11651857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    128046895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    139698752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     11651857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    128046895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    139698752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.393509                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.411417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 776790.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 660035.541237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668415.081340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 776790.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 660035.541237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668415.081340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 776790.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 660035.541237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668415.081340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          562                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2044.543736                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          87166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2607                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        33.435366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks         133.424326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    16.400069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   236.745716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst                  1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1656.973626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.065149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.008008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.115598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.inst          0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.809069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.998312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          311                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 373                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          313                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    314                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          313                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   314                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                42                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  564                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 564                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57713759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    532212615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     589926374                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     44098139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     44098139                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57713759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    576310754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      634024513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57713759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    576310754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     634024513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             373                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              44                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.614144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.625899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.642369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.642369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2137546.629630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1075177                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1130127.153257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1049955.690476                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1049955.690476                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2137546.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1073204.383613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1124156.937943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2137546.629630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1073204.383613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1124156.937943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                323                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     323                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            564                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55343159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    488826486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544169645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     40409884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40409884                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55343159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    529236370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    584579529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     55343159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    529236370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    584579529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.614144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.631765                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2049746.629630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 987528.254545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1042470.584291                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 962140.095238                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 962140.095238                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2049746.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 985542.588454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036488.526596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2049746.629630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 985542.588454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1036488.526596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              498.003541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1488357.920635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    23.003541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.036865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124428                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124428                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72458220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     72458220                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72458220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     72458220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     72458220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     72458220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610182.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1610182.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610182.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1610182.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1610182.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1610182.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       276906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63940384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63940384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63940384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63940384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     63940384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63940384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2204840.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2204840.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2204840.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2204840.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2204840.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2204840.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  401                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              113322459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             172484.716895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   143.557979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   112.442021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.560773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.439227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         84747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70554                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         155301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        155301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    416294737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1262822                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    417557559                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        86006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          171                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       156576                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       156576                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000227                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 330655.073074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78926.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327496.124706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              98                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          874                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128811180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    129003480                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323646.180905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 321704.438903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              506.639173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              753861275                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1460971.463178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    16.639173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.026665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90138                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total          90138                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst        90138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total         90138                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84393159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84393159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84393159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84393159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     84393159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84393159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total        90178                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst        90178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total        90178                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2109828.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2109828.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2109828.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2109828.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2109828.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2109828.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61068055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61068055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61068055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61068055                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61068055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61068055                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2348771.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2348771.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2348771.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2348771.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2348771.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2348771.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              125584145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             113753.754529                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   176.829871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    79.170129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.690742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.309258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        68090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        54252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       122342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         122342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       122342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        122342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          405                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1324353995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1324353995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    418473229                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    418473229                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1742827224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1742827224                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1742827224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1742827224                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        70111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70111                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        54657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       124768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       124768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       124768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       124768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.028826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.007410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007410                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.019444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.019444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 655296.385453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 655296.385453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1033267.232099                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1033267.232099                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 718395.393240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 718395.393240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 718395.393240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 718395.393240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1578                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    565705843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    565705843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     45531957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45531957                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    611237800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    611237800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    611237800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    611237800                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.011496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000768                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000768                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 701868.291563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 701868.291563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1084094.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1084094.214286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 720799.292453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720799.292453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 720799.292453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720799.292453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              506.532812                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              753861508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1460971.914729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    16.532812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.026495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst        90371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst        90371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total          90371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst        90371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total         90371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65262552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     65262552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65262552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     65262552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65262552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     65262552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        90411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        90411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total        90411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst        90411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total        90411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1631563.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1631563.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1631563.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1631563.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1631563.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1631563.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44934821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44934821                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44934821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44934821                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     44934821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44934821                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1728262.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1728262.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1728262.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1728262.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1728262.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1728262.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  850                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              125584213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             113548.113020                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   175.644376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    80.355624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.686111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.313889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        68123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        54265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          111                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          111                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       122388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         122388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       122388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        122388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          432                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          432                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2412                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1305639774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1305639774                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    452670428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    452670428                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1758310202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1758310202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1758310202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1758310202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        70103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70103                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        54697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54697                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          111                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          111                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       124800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       124800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       124800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       124800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.028244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028244                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.007898                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007898                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.019327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.019327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 659414.027273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 659414.027273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1047848.212963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1047848.212963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728984.329187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 728984.329187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728984.329187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 728984.329187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    557952136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557952136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     50686238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50686238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    608638374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    608638374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    608638374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    608638374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000841                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000841                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006811                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006811                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 693970.318408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 693970.318408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1101874.739130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1101874.739130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 716045.145882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716045.145882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 716045.145882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716045.145882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              495.737364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              750704018                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1513516.165323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.737364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.022015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       120288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120288                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       120288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         120288                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       120288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        120288                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     18690602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     18690602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     18690602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     18690602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     18690602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     18690602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       120307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       120307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       120307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 983715.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 983715.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 983715.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 983715.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 983715.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 983715.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15020982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15020982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15020982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15020982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15020982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15020982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1072927.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1072927.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1072927.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1072927.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1072927.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1072927.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              118284721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             161812.203830                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   159.796771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    96.203229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.624206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.375794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        82990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        69348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69348                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       152338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         152338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       152338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        152338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    665573254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    665573254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     57255812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57255812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    722829066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    722829066                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    722829066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    722829066                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        84618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        69415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       154033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       154033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       154033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       154033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.019239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000965                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 408828.780098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 408828.780098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 854564.358209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854564.358209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426447.826549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426447.826549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426447.826549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426447.826549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       858871                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       858871                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    154735056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154735056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    154735056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154735056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    154735056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154735056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 325758.012632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325758.012632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 325758.012632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325758.012632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 325758.012632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325758.012632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.725806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              750703862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1513515.850806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.725806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.021996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         120132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       120132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        120132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     13803785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13803785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     13803785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13803785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     13803785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13803785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       120151                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       120151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       120151                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       726515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       726515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       726515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       726515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       726515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       726515                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11908155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11908155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11908155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11908155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     11908155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11908155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 850582.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850582.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 850582.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850582.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 850582.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850582.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              118284534                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             161811.948016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   159.472163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    96.527837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.622938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.377062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        82886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        69265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69265                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       152151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         152151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       152151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        152151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    678172239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    678172239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     46913975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     46913975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    725086214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    725086214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    725086214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    725086214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        84514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        69332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69332                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       153846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       153846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.019263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 416567.714373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 416567.714373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 700208.582090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 700208.582090                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427779.477286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427779.477286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 427779.477286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427779.477286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       858775                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       858775                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    157026538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157026538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    157026538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157026538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    157026538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157026538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 330582.185263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330582.185263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 330582.185263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330582.185263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 330582.185263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330582.185263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              467.171959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              753576972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1563437.701245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    12.171959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.019506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       127631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       127631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         127631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       127631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        127631                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    157708023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157708023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    157708023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    157708023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    157708023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    157708023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       127671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       127671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       127671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       127671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       127671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3942700.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3942700.575000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3942700.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3942700.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3942700.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3942700.575000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4141036                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 690172.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100441300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100441300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100441300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100441300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    100441300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100441300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3720048.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3720048.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3720048.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3720048.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3720048.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3720048.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              109423588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             167570.578867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   142.299072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   113.700928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.555856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.444144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       100024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        100024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        73464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       173488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         173488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       173488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        173488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1026                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    223577776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    223577776                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1055980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1055980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    224633756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    224633756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    224633756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    224633756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       101038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       101038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        73476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       174514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       174514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010036                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 220490.903353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 220490.903353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 87998.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87998.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218941.282651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218941.282651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218941.282651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218941.282651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          620                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          629                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     93951900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93951900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       208367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     94160267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94160267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     94160267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94160267                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 238456.598985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238456.598985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69455.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69455.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 237179.513854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237179.513854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 237179.513854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237179.513854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              507.167597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              753861435                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1455330.955598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    17.167597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.027512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        90298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90298                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        90298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total          90298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        90298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total         90298                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80245064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80245064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80245064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     80245064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80245064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     80245064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        90341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        90341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total        90341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        90341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total        90341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000476                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000476                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1866164.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1866164.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1866164.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1866164.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1866164.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1866164.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57584539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57584539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57584539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57584539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     57584539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57584539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2056590.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2056590.678571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2056590.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2056590.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2056590.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2056590.678571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  846                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              125584354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1102                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             113960.393829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   177.054190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    78.945810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.691618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.308382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        68223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        54328                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54328                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       122551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         122551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       122551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        122551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1313963790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1313963790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    409559006                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    409559006                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1723522796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1723522796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1723522796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1723522796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        70241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        54717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       124958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       124958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       124958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       124958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.028730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.007109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007109                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.019262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.019262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 651121.798811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 651121.798811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1052850.915167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1052850.915167                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 716046.030744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 716046.030744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 716046.030744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 716046.030744                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          372                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             372                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1561                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1561                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          846                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    554174223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    554174223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     47499677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47499677                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    601673900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    601673900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    601673900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    601673900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000786                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000786                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006770                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006770                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 690129.792030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690129.792030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1104643.651163                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1104643.651163                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 711198.463357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711198.463357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 711198.463357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 711198.463357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              507.103263                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              753861243                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1455330.584942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    17.103263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.027409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst        90106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst        90106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total          90106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst        90106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total         90106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     83425428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83425428                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     83425428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83425428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     83425428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83425428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst        90148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst        90148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total        90148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst        90148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total        90148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000466                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1986319.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1986319.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1986319.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1986319.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1986319.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1986319.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       732247                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       732247                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61898889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61898889                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61898889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61898889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61898889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61898889                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2210674.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2210674.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2210674.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2210674.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2210674.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2210674.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  844                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              125584259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1100                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             114167.508182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   176.153641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    79.846359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.688100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.311900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        68215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        54237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54237                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       122452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         122452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       122452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        122452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          410                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2391                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1270903042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1270903042                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    377686500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    377686500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1648589542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1648589542                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1648589542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1648589542                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        70196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        54647                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54647                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       124843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       124843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       124843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       124843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.028221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028221                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.007503                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007503                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 641546.209995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 641546.209995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 921186.585366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 921186.585366                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 689497.926391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 689497.926391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 689497.926391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 689497.926391                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1547                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1547                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          844                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    540014402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    540014402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     45200236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45200236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    585214638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    585214638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    585214638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585214638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000860                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000860                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 677558.848181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677558.848181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 961707.148936                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 961707.148936                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 693382.272512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 693382.272512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 693382.272512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 693382.272512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              539.744857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              647137201                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1196187.062847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.744857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         120129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       120129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        120129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16367004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16367004                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16367004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16367004                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     16367004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16367004                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       120147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       120147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       120147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       909278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       909278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       909278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       909278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst       909278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       909278                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14746884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14746884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14746884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14746884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14746884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14746884                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 983125.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983125.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 983125.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983125.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 983125.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 983125.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              151381013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             202923.609920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   130.400247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   125.599753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.509376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.490624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       169053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       204225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         204225                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       204225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        204225                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1791                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1791                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    822015988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    822015988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    822015988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    822015988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    822015988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    822015988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       170844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        35172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       206016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       206016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 458970.400893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458970.400893                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 458970.400893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 458970.400893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 458970.400893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 458970.400893                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    169314681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    169314681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    169314681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    169314681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    169314681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    169314681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 345540.165306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345540.165306                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 345540.165306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345540.165306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 345540.165306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 345540.165306                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              539.739340                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              647136898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1196186.502773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.739340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.022018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       119826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       119826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         119826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       119826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        119826                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11361199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11361199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11361199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11361199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     11361199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11361199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       119844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119844                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       119844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       119844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       119844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       119844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 631177.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 631177.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 631177.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 631177.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 631177.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 631177.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10364740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10364740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10364740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10364740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     10364740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10364740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 690982.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690982.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 690982.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690982.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 690982.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 690982.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              151380592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             202923.045576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   130.098041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   125.901959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.508195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.491805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       168821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        168821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        34983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        34983                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       203804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         203804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       203804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        203804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1790                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1790                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    840620184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    840620184                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    840620184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    840620184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    840620184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    840620184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       170611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       170611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        34983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        34983                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       205594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       205594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010492                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 469620.214525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 469620.214525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 469620.214525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 469620.214525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 469620.214525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 469620.214525                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              60                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1300                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    171263584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    171263584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    171263584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    171263584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    171263584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    171263584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 349517.518367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349517.518367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 349517.518367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349517.518367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 349517.518367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349517.518367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              495.737618                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750704019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1513516.167339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.737618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.022015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         120289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       120289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        120289                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13287934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13287934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13287934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13287934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     13287934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13287934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       120308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       120308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       120308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 699364.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 699364.947368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 699364.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 699364.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 699364.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 699364.947368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10325624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10325624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10325624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     10325624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     10325624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     10325624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 737544.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737544.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 737544.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737544.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 737544.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737544.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              118284586                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             161812.019152                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   159.493400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    96.506600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.623021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.376979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        82915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        69288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       152203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         152203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       152203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        152203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    656497063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    656497063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     57432689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     57432689                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    713929752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    713929752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    713929752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    713929752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        84543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        69355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69355                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          158                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       153898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       153898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.019256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019256                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000966                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 403253.724201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 403253.724201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 857204.313433                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 857204.313433                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 421197.493805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 421197.493805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 421197.493805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 421197.493805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1498708                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1498708                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1220                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    157144434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    157144434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    157144434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    157144434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    157144434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    157144434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005618                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 330830.387368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330830.387368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 330830.387368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330830.387368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 330830.387368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 330830.387368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              467.317228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              753577023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1560200.875776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.317228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.019739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       127682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        127682                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       127682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         127682                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       127682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        127682                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    152994924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152994924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    152994924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    152994924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    152994924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    152994924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       127723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       127723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       127723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       127723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       127723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       127723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3731583.512195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3731583.512195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3731583.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3731583.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3731583.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3731583.512195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4742006                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 948401.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    105287257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105287257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    105287257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105287257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    105287257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105287257                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000219                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3760259.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3760259.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3760259.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3760259.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3760259.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3760259.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              109423442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             167570.355283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   142.596325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   113.403675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.557017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.442983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        99934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99934                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        73408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        73408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       173342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         173342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       173342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        173342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1028                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    217402295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    217402295                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       565081                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       565081                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    217967376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    217967376                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    217967376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    217967376                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       100955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        73415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        73415                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          186                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       174370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       174370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005896                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 212930.749265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 212930.749265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 80725.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80725.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 212030.521401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 212030.521401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 212030.521401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 212030.521401                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             101                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          626                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     92900867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92900867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       128200                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     93029067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93029067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     93029067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93029067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 235192.068354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235192.068354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 234330.143577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234330.143577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 234330.143577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234330.143577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              539.597114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              647137667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  540                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1198403.087037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.597114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.021790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         120595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       120595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        120595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13587646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13587646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13587646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13587646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     13587646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13587646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       120612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       120612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       120612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 799273.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 799273.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 799273.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 799273.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 799273.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 799273.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12453883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12453883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12453883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12453883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12453883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12453883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 889563.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889563.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 889563.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889563.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 889563.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889563.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              151381748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  746                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             202924.595174                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   131.985705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   124.014295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.515569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.484431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       169575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        35385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35385                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       204960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         204960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       204960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        204960                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1805                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1805                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1805                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    798587259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    798587259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    798587259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    798587259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    798587259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    798587259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       171380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        35385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35385                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       206765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       206765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010532                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008730                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008730                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442430.614404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442430.614404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442430.614404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442430.614404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442430.614404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442430.614404                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           59                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              59                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          490                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    160635624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    160635624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    160635624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    160635624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    160635624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    160635624                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327827.804082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327827.804082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327827.804082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327827.804082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 327827.804082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327827.804082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              506.998740                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              753862116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1458147.226306                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.998740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.027242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        90979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        90979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total          90979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst        90979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total         90979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74538959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     74538959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74538959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     74538959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74538959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     74538959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        91022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        91022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total        91022                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst        91022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total        91022                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1733464.162791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1733464.162791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1733464.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1733464.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1733464.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1733464.162791                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     47657408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47657408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     47657408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47657408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     47657408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47657408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1765089.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1765089.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1765089.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1765089.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1765089.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1765089.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  859                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              125585648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 1115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             112632.868161                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   177.109771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    78.890229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.691835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.308165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        68947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        54874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          113                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          113                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       123821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         123821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       123821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        123821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2050                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          425                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          425                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1311090642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1311090642                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    390697004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    390697004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1701787646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1701787646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1701787646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1701787646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        70997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        55299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55299                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          113                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       126296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       126296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.028874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.007685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.019597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.019597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 639556.410732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 639556.410732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 919287.068235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919287.068235                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 687590.968081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687590.968081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 687590.968081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687590.968081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             378                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1616                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          859                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    539771919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    539771919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     43335224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43335224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    583107143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    583107143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    583107143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    583107143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011437                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000850                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000850                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 664743.742611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 664743.742611                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 922026.042553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 922026.042553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 678820.888242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 678820.888242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 678820.888242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 678820.888242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              539.738380                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              647137506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1196187.626617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.738380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.022017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.864965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120434                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         120434                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       120434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        120434                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14991758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14991758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14991758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14991758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     14991758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14991758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       120452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       120452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       120452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 832875.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 832875.444444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 832875.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 832875.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 832875.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 832875.444444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13094056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13094056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13094056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13094056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     13094056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13094056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 872937.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872937.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 872937.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872937.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 872937.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872937.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  491                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              151381591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  747                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             202652.732262                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   130.190138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   125.809862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.508555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.491445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       169439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        169439                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35364                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        35364                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       204803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         204803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       204803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        204803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1817                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    791047788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    791047788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    791047788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    791047788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    791047788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    791047788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       171256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        35364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        35364                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       206620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       206620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 435359.266924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435359.266924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 435359.266924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435359.266924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 435359.266924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435359.266924                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              61                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    166066555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166066555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    166066555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166066555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    166066555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166066555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336848.995943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336848.995943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336848.995943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336848.995943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336848.995943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336848.995943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              507.134525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              753861609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1455331.291506                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    17.134525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.027459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        90472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         90472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        90472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total          90472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        90472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total         90472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82431964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82431964                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82431964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82431964                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     82431964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82431964                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        90515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        90515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total        90515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        90515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total        90515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1917022.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1917022.418605                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1917022.418605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58012203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58012203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58012203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58012203                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     58012203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58012203                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2071864.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2071864.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2071864.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  849                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125584526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1105                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             113651.154751                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   176.677604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    79.322396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.690147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.309853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        68373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         68373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        54350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        54350                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       122723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         122723                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       122723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        122723                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2021                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          389                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1310966878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1310966878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    394323468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    394323468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705290346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1705290346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1705290346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1705290346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        70394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        70394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        54739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        54739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       125133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       125133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       125133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       125133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.028710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.007106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.007106                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.019260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 648672.379020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648672.379020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1013685.007712                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1013685.007712                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 707589.355187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 707589.355187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 707589.355187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 707589.355187                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             373                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          345                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1560                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1560                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          850                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    557382503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    557382503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     44574939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44574939                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    601957442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    601957442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    601957442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    601957442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.011450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000804                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 691541.566998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 691541.566998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1013066.795455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1013066.795455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 708185.225882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708185.225882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 708185.225882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 708185.225882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
