
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001031                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1030957023                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398759308278                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 314085                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   397345                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  26810                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67600944                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 38454.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 12077986454                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15279738240                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        13440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        49280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        73472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        16896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        48896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        17280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        17280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        14080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        13056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        49408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        71296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        17280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        48896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        21632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        48768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        72064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               633088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           40064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       262528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            262528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          105                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          574                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          557                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          169                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          563                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2051                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2051                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3352225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13036431                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1738191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     47800247                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1614034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     71265822                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3352225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16388656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1738191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     47427777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3352225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     16761125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3352225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     16761125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3352225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     13657213                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3352225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     12663961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1738191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     47924403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1614034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     69155162                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3352225                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     16761125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1738191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     47427777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1862347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20982446                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1738191                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     47303621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1614034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     69900101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               614077974                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      3352225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1738191                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1614034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3352225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      1738191                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3352225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3352225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      3352225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      3352225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1738191                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1614034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3352225                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1738191                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1862347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1738191                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1614034                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           38860980                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         254644950                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              254644950                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         254644950                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      3352225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13036431                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1738191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     47800247                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1614034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     71265822                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3352225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16388656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      1738191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     47427777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3352225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     16761125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3352225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     16761125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      3352225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     13657213                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      3352225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     12663961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1738191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     47924403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1614034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     69155162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3352225                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     16761125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1738191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     47427777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1862347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20982446                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1738191                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     47303621                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1614034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     69900101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              868722924                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         224802                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187106                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21815                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84726                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79930                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          984                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1943067                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1232850                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            224802                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       103644                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              256126                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         61673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        60689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          122026                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20751                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2299534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039569                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2043408     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          15545      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          19606      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31367      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          12653      0.55%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          16772      0.73%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          19490      0.85%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7           9205      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         131488      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2299534                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090928                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.498661                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1931683                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        73445                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          254844                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          122                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        39434                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        34108                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1506090                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        39434                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1934105                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles          5719                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        61908                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          252522                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles         5841                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1496064                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents          708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         4108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2090010                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6952658                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6952658                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1718824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         371158                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           21266                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       141547                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        72452                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          798                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        16055                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458964                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1389088                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1834                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195542                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       414645                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2299534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326666                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1712553     74.47%     74.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266241     11.58%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110220      4.79%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61522      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82842      3.60%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26120      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25509      1.11%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13397      0.58%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1130      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2299534                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9748     78.92%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     10.91%     89.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1256     10.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1170118     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18831      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127889      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72080      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1389088                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.561856                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12352                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008892                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5091896                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654884                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1351064                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401440                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          986                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29839                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1545                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        39434                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles          4374                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles          504                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459323                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141547                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72452                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          423                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12070                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12731                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        24801                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363825                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125335                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25263                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             197381                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         192379                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            72046                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.551638                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1351095                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1351064                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          809267                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2174585                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.546476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372148                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000005                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1232105                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227211                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        21788                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545155                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738189     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264861     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95891      4.24%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47715      2.11%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43714      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18442      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18169      0.80%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8715      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24404      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1232105                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               182615                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              111708                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           178645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1109201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        25420                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        24404                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3694999                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2958083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 30846                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                172786                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1232105                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000005                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.472308                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.472308                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.404480                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.404480                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6133715                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1889818                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1391357                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         192253                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173131                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12004                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        75242                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          67038                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10444                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          542                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019652                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1207172                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            192253                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        77482                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              238228                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         38122                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        50902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          117798                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11870                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2334624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2096396     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           8542      0.37%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17460      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           7091      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          38904      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          34820      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6748      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          14090      0.60%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         110573      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2334624                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077762                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.488275                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2007733                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        63243                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          237222                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          783                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        25637                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        16975                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          205                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1414944                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1258                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        25637                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2010349                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         42834                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        13463                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          235496                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         6839                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1412989                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2560                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         2639                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          105                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1667601                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6649866                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6649866                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1439473                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         228116                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           18950                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       329608                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       165527                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1613                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8076                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407989                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1341291                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132180                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       322003                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2334624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1857117     79.55%     79.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143671      6.15%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117140      5.02%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50941      2.18%     92.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64297      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61797      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        34993      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2958      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1710      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2334624                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3399     11.21%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26110     86.10%     97.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          817      2.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845658     63.05%     63.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11729      0.87%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319004     23.78%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164820     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1341291                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.542523                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30326                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022610                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5048549                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540393                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1327725                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371617                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2371                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16529                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           52                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1723                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        25637                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         39201                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1786                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1408161                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329608                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165527                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1222                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           52                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6263                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7496                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        13759                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1330521                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317839                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             482612                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         173761                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           164773                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.538167                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1327855                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1327725                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          718951                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1422639                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.537036                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.505364                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1067998                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1255259                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153013                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        12035                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1853108     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166787      7.22%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78070      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77116      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20794      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89382      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7023      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4896      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11811      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1067998                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1255259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               476880                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              313076                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           165678                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1116374                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        12194                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        11811                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3705448                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2842205                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 45738                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                137696                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1067998                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1255259                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1067998                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.314911                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.314911                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.431982                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.431982                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6569029                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1547453                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1674977                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         192721                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157262                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20272                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79274                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73445                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19151                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          893                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1867296                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1140746                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            192721                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        92596                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              234160                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         63577                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        61535                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          116564                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20339                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2205566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995823                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        1971406     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          12372      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          19652      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          29605      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          12356      0.56%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          14372      0.65%     93.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          15264      0.69%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          10720      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         119819      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2205566                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.077951                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461407                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1844126                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        85379                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          232465                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        42259                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        31188                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          318                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1383114                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        42259                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1848802                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         41574                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        29770                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          229254                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        13904                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1379905                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2637                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         6924                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          925                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1888232                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6432848                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6432848                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1556799                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         331428                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          297                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          155                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           41487                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       139601                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        77270                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3876                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        14846                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1375030                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          297                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1282488                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1894                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       211967                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       491316                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2205566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1659883     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220980     10.02%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122074      5.53%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80587      3.65%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73449      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22884      1.04%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16291      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5707      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3711      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2205566                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           361     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1331     41.78%     53.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1494     46.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055886     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23658      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          142      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127036      9.91%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75766      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1282488                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.518739                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3186                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002484                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4775622                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1587359                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1259161                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285674                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6021                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29426                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5125                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1050                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        42259                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         31608                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1599                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1375327                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139601                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77270                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          155                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          860                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10997                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12476                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        23473                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1263981                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120193                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             195834                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         171173                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            75641                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.511253                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1259270                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1259161                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          745234                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1891515                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.509303                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.393988                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       932734                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1137380                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238990                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        20637                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2163307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525760                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376223                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1702452     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219355     10.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91087      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46737      2.16%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34929      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19769      0.91%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12212      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10321      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26445      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2163307                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       932734                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1137380                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               182317                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              110172                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           157901                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1028336                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        22181                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        26445                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3513232                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2795013                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 33205                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                266754                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            932734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1137380                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       932734                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.650616                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.650616                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.377271                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.377271                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5737027                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1720823                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1310209                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         203904                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166742                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21603                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81961                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          978                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1953541                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1139978                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            203904                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        98439                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              236412                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         59793                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        47387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          121091                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21485                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2275281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615274                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.962411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2038869     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          10900      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          16891      0.74%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          23100      1.02%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          24311      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          20688      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          10719      0.47%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17483      0.77%     95.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         112320      4.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2275281                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082475                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461096                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1933834                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        67540                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          235849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          347                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        37707                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        33472                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1396747                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1281                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        37707                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1939494                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         14586                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        40522                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          230574                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12394                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1395595                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1642                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1948811                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6487003                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6487003                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1659002                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         289785                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          336                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           38866                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       131264                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        69848                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          873                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        33446                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1393002                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1313644                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          263                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       170803                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       413727                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2275281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577355                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1707349     75.04%     75.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       242878     10.67%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121105      5.32%     91.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82604      3.63%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65705      2.89%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27455      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17907      0.79%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9017      0.40%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1261      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2275281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           290     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          870     37.05%     49.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1188     50.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1105530     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19524      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118838      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69589      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1313644                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.531341                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001787                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4905179                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1564160                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291809                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1315992                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2643                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23449                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           19                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1281                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        37707                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         11662                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1190                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1393344                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131264                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69848                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          999                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           19                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11689                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12779                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24468                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293842                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111766                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             181338                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         183640                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            69572                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.523331                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1291876                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1291809                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          742924                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2000704                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.522509                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371331                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       966913                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1189794                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       203536                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21651                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2237573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738353     77.69%     77.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253029     11.31%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90192      4.03%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43271      1.93%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43422      1.94%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21532      0.96%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14271      0.64%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8430      0.38%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25073      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2237573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       966913                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1189794                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               176379                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              107812                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           171559                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1071994                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        24498                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        25073                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3605817                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2824397                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 31379                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                197039                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            966913                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1189794                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       966913                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.556921                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.556921                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.391095                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.391095                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5819888                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1801518                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1294431                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         192395                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173326                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11960                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72493                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66699                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10491                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          555                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2017771                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1206961                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            192395                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches        77190                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              237960                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         38257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        52157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          117662                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11790                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2333912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2095952     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1           8333      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          17501      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3           7003      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          38802      1.66%     92.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          34875      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           6556      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          14134      0.61%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         110756      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2333912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077820                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.488190                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2005625                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        64759                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          236910                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          796                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        25816                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        16923                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1414947                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        25816                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2008394                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         44033                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        13510                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          235075                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         7078                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1412987                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2571                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         2815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           47                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1667750                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      6648839                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      6648839                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1437715                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         229996                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          172                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           92                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           20125                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       329902                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       165358                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1540                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8071                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407892                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1340331                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1096                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132700                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       326485                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2333912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371238                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1857124     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143190      6.14%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117192      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50512      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64374      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61783      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35083      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2920      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1734      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2333912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3366     11.11%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26154     86.29%     97.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          788      2.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       844753     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11701      0.87%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319073     23.81%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164724     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1340331                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.542135                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30308                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022612                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5045976                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540815                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1326464                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370639                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2364                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16943                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1620                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        25816                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         40313                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1810                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1408064                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           16                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329902                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165358                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           92                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1251                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6224                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7563                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        13787                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1329273                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317816                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             482515                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         173620                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           164699                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.537662                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1326606                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1326464                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          718137                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1420225                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.536526                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.505650                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1066974                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1253993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       154222                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        11986                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364937                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1852478     80.26%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166739      7.22%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78015      3.38%     90.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77237      3.35%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20639      0.89%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89376      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6981      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4857      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11774      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308096                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1066974                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1253993                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               476694                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              312956                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           165501                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1115233                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        12169                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        11774                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3704537                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2842281                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 45773                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                138408                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1066974                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1253993                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1066974                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.317132                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.317132                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.431568                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.431568                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6563027                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1546086                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1674698                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         203712                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166591                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21531                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84254                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77891                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20629                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          984                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1954094                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1138320                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            203712                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        98520                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              236194                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         59387                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        46579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          121013                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21389                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2274475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2038281     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          11018      0.48%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          16829      0.74%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          22954      1.01%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          24253      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          20778      0.91%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          10946      0.48%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          17453      0.77%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         111963      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2274475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082397                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.460426                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1934576                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        66544                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          235617                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          359                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        37375                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        33433                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1394811                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        37375                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1940212                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         14772                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        39466                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          230374                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12272                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1393587                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1608                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5405                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1946129                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6477543                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6477543                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1660046                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         286078                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          336                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           38623                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       131154                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        69836                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          847                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        33399                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1390943                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1313387                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          269                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       168099                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404501                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2274475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577446                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1706274     75.02%     75.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       243172     10.69%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121520      5.34%     91.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82206      3.61%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65715      2.89%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27390      1.20%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17863      0.79%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9111      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1224      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2274475                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           287     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          827     35.96%     48.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1186     51.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1105342     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19444      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118911      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69527      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1313387                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531237                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2300                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001751                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4903818                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1559395                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291488                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1315687                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2764                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23283                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1237                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        37375                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         12000                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1191                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1391285                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          165                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131154                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69836                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1006                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11716                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12672                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        24388                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293548                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111894                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19839                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             181403                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         183666                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            69509                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523212                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1291567                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1291488                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          742507                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1999878                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.522379                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371276                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts       967511                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1190521                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       200771                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        21579                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2237100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532172                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737378     77.66%     77.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253177     11.32%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90398      4.04%     93.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43354      1.94%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43556      1.95%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21586      0.96%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14269      0.64%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8338      0.37%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25044      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2237100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts       967511                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1190521                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               176468                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              107869                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           171670                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1072639                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        24510                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        25044                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3603335                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2819972                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 31320                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                197845                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts            967511                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1190521                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total       967511                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.555340                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.555340                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.391337                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.391337                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        5819223                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1801084                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1292802                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         203753                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166607                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21571                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82417                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77859                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20560                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          963                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1954007                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1139113                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            203753                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        98419                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              236287                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         59532                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        47202                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          121039                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21459                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2275223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2038936     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          10912      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          16898      0.74%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          23132      1.02%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          24281      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          20563      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          10974      0.48%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          17332      0.76%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         112195      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2275223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.082414                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.460747                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1934464                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        67187                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          235731                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          359                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        37478                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        33457                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1395687                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        37478                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1940108                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         14539                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        40206                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          230489                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12399                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1394612                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1647                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1947511                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6482031                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6482031                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1660262                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         287246                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          336                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           38862                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       131048                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        69921                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          849                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        33464                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1392146                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1314194                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          281                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       169121                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       407169                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2275223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261075                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1707025     75.03%     75.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       243062     10.68%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121126      5.32%     91.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82602      3.63%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65686      2.89%     97.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27528      1.21%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17878      0.79%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9106      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1210      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2275223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           293     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          833     36.00%     48.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1188     51.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1105925     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19494      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118979      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69633      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1314194                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.531563                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2314                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001761                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4906206                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1561626                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1292416                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1316508                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2761                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23165                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1315                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        37478                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         11722                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1175                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1392489                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           22                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131048                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69921                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          988                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11655                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12746                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        24401                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1294508                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111888                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             181499                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         183725                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            69611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523601                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1292500                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1292416                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          742807                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2000336                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522754                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371341                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       967638                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1190674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       201821                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        21620                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2237745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738243     77.68%     77.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253048     11.31%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90443      4.04%     93.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43099      1.93%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43621      1.95%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21515      0.96%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14225      0.64%     98.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8374      0.37%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25177      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2237745                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       967638                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1190674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               176487                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              107881                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           171692                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1072776                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        24513                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        25177                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3605050                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2822480                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 31331                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                197097                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            967638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1190674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       967638                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.555005                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.555005                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.391389                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.391389                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5822945                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1802352                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1293665                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         224729                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187073                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21785                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84763                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79923                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23755                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          980                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1942359                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1232783                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            224729                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       103678                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              256191                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         61643                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        60718                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          121959                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20718                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2298919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659783                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2042728     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          15480      0.67%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19714      0.86%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          31351      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          12677      0.55%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          16737      0.73%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          19630      0.85%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9163      0.40%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         131439      5.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2298919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.090898                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.498634                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1930933                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        73519                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          254906                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          122                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        39433                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        34067                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1506245                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        39433                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1933391                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          5521                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        62142                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          252548                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         5879                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1496085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2090196                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6953329                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6953329                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1718523                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         371638                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          355                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          185                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           21570                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       141724                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        72429                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          786                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        16049                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458998                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388871                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1822                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195567                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416647                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2298919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.604141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326633                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1712059     74.47%     74.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266161     11.58%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110061      4.79%     90.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61624      2.68%     93.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82965      3.61%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26152      1.14%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25298      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13484      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1115      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2298919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9706     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1358     11.02%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1255     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169859     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18829      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127959      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72054      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388871                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.561768                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12319                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5090801                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654943                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350780                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401190                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          958                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30033                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1530                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        39433                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4201                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          496                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459357                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1081                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141724                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72429                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          413                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12143                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12667                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24810                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363538                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125280                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25332                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   2                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             197297                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         192366                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            72017                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.551522                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1350812                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1350780                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          809337                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2175686                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.546361                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.371992                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999826                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231886                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227449                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        21759                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2259486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545206                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364801                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1737624     76.90%     76.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264841     11.72%     88.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95940      4.25%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47695      2.11%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43685      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18378      0.81%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18203      0.81%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8728      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24392      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2259486                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       999826                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1231886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               182583                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              111687                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           178611                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1109008                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        25417                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        24392                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3694416                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2958134                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 30830                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                173401                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            999826                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1231886                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       999826                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.472750                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.472750                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.404408                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.404408                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6132260                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1889608                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1391219                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         224796                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       187080                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21769                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        84776                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79996                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23727                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          980                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1943279                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1232952                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            224796                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       103723                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              256290                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         61649                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        61008                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          121985                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20688                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2300252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659425                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039150                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2043962     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          15589      0.68%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          19695      0.86%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          31356      1.36%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          12635      0.55%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          16852      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          19572      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7           9164      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         131427      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2300252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090925                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.498702                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1931876                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        73810                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          254982                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          121                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        39457                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        34126                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          219                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1506155                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        39457                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1934318                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          5681                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        62278                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          252638                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         5875                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1495884                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          704                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4163                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2089760                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6951684                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6951684                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1718654                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         371098                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          186                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           21378                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       141540                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        72503                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        16074                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1458931                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          358                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1388782                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1790                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       195684                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       416114                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2300252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.603752                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.326267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1713347     74.49%     74.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       266088     11.57%     86.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       110359      4.80%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        61621      2.68%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82813      3.60%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        26016      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        25400      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13483      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1125      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2300252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          9678     78.75%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1354     11.02%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1257     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1169695     84.22%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18864      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       127962      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        72091      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1388782                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.561732                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12289                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008849                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5091895                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1654994                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350896                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1401071                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          932                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29843                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1604                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        39457                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          4314                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          503                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1459290                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       141540                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        72503                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          186                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          422                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12098                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12668                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24766                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363661                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       125376                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25121                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             197430                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         192435                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            72054                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.551571                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1350933                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1350896                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          809229                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2173740                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.546408                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372275                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999902                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1231975                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       227312                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        21741                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2260795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1738810     76.91%     76.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       264949     11.72%     88.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        95893      4.24%     92.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        47765      2.11%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43677      1.93%     96.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18438      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18176      0.80%     98.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8705      0.39%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24382      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2260795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       999902                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1231975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               182593                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              111694                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               172                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           178625                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1109085                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        25418                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        24382                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3695687                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2958044                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 30813                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                172068                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            999902                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1231975                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       999902                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.472562                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.472562                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.404439                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.404439                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6132719                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1889426                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1391511                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          344                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         192102                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173041                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11983                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72185                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66695                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10449                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          553                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019320                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1206491                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            192102                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        77144                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              237718                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         38122                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        50948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          117729                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11846                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2333853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607195                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939784                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2096135     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1           8364      0.36%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          17203      0.74%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3           7080      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          38886      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          34867      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           6507      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          14314      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         110497      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2333853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.077701                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.488000                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2006988                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        63715                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          236686                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        25661                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        16917                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          206                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1413930                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1260                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        25661                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2009755                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         44054                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        12286                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          234836                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         7255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1412192                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         2772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents          149                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1666834                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6646007                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6646007                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1437790                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         229040                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          171                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts           91                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           20084                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       329553                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       165431                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1567                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         8075                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1407271                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          171                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1340498                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          983                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132670                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       323478                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           11                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2333853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1857089     79.57%     79.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143132      6.13%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117237      5.02%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50487      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64280      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61758      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35289      1.51%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2861      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1720      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2333853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3433     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26151     86.04%     97.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          810      2.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       844921     63.03%     63.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11711      0.87%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       319005     23.80%     87.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164781     12.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1340498                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.542202                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30394                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5046226                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1540163                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1326597                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1370892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2361                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16594                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           51                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1693                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          118                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        25661                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         40403                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1811                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1407442                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329553                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165431                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           91                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1248                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           51                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6220                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7553                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        13773                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1329391                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317724                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11107                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             482461                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         173570                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           164737                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.537710                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1326731                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1326597                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          718068                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1421494                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.536580                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.505150                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1067022                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1254046                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153529                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        12010                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543302                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1852783     80.27%     80.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166657      7.22%     87.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78023      3.38%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        76823      3.33%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20796      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89410      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7042      0.31%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4876      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11782      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1067022                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1254046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               476697                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              312959                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           165513                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1115275                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        12169                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        11782                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3703985                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2840818                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 45765                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                138467                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1067022                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1254046                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1067022                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.317028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.317028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.431587                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.431587                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6563582                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1546309                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1674177                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         192861                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157368                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20420                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78940                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73203                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19164                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          905                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1866631                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1141207                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            192861                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        92367                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              234133                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         64197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        59682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          116629                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20463                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2203488                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1969355     89.37%     89.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          12353      0.56%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          19615      0.89%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          29611      1.34%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          12280      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          14367      0.65%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          15178      0.69%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10760      0.49%     94.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         119969      5.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2203488                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.078008                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461594                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1843441                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        83545                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          232469                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1305                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        42727                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        31217                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          317                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1383605                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1090                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        42727                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1848084                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         38172                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        31438                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          229254                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        13810                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1380406                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2537                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         7025                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents          869                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1888750                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6434203                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6434203                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1554228                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         334515                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          298                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          157                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           41187                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       139529                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        77217                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3870                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        14873                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1375630                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          297                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1282104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1893                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       213939                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494246                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           17                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2203488                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267339                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1658274     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220432     10.00%     85.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       122077      5.54%     90.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80677      3.66%     94.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73521      3.34%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22812      1.04%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16214      0.74%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5789      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3692      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2203488                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           362     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1308     41.48%     52.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1483     47.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055976     82.36%     82.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23633      1.84%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          141      0.01%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126711      9.88%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75643      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1282104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.518583                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3153                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002459                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4772742                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1589931                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1259051                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285257                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6209                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29559                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5232                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1051                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        42727                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         27806                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1561                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1375927                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           31                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139529                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77217                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          157                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          858                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           35                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10882                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12667                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        23549                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1263823                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120176                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18281                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             195677                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         171215                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            75501                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.511189                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1259148                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1259051                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          745022                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1890515                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.509259                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.394084                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       931066                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1135463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       241691                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          280                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        20790                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2160761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525492                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1700809     78.71%     78.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       218891     10.13%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90786      4.20%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46808      2.17%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34801      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19681      0.91%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12304      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10305      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26376      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2160761                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       931066                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1135463                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               181952                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              109967                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               140                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           157695                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1026578                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        22160                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        26376                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3511539                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2797051                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 33280                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                268832                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            931066                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1135463                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       931066                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.655365                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.655365                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.376596                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.376596                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5736130                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1720661                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1310556                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          280                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         203528                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       166480                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21590                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82169                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          77683                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20622                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          990                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1953827                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1137699                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            203528                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        98305                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              236038                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         59431                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        46482                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          121039                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21438                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2273940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614312                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.960650                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2037902     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          10907      0.48%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          16911      0.74%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          23024      1.01%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          24409      1.07%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          20592      0.91%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          10822      0.48%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          17405      0.77%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         111968      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2273940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.082323                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.460175                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1934147                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        66585                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          235517                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          327                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        37360                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        33369                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1393823                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1273                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        37360                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1939760                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         14560                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        39696                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          230262                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        12298                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1392741                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1556                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1945586                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      6473580                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      6473580                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1660004                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         285582                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          336                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          173                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           38547                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       130814                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        69833                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          804                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        33352                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1390276                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          337                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1312838                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          282                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       167179                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       404444                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2273940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577341                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260597                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1705994     75.02%     75.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       243196     10.69%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121031      5.32%     91.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82594      3.63%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        65593      2.88%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27332      1.20%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17869      0.79%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9096      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1235      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2273940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           297     12.85%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          825     35.70%     48.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1189     51.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1104767     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19496      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       118901      9.06%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69511      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1312838                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.531015                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2311                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001760                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4902209                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1557808                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1291059                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1315149                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2707                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22948                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            2                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1234                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        37360                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         11769                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1182                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1390618                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           13                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       130814                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69833                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          989                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11700                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12779                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        24479                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293089                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111809                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19749                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             181300                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         183598                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            69491                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.523027                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1291141                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1291059                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          742299                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1997881                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.522205                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371543                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       967486                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1190491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       200130                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          329                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        21638                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2236580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532282                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.359610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1736941     77.66%     77.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       253175     11.32%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90362      4.04%     93.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43361      1.94%     94.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        43393      1.94%     96.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21628      0.97%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14293      0.64%     98.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8377      0.37%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25050      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2236580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       967486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1190491                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               176465                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              107866                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           171665                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1072613                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        24510                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        25050                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3602138                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2818610                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 31356                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                198380                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            967486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1190491                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       967486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.555406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.555406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.391327                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.391327                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5817064                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1801184                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1292112                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         192159                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173049                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11946                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        72172                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66599                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10429                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          547                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2018285                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1206064                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            192159                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        77028                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              237609                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         38183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        52648                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          117612                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11782                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2334502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.606906                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939641                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2096893     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           8381      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          17206      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3           7049      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          38752      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          34883      1.49%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6516      0.28%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          14212      0.61%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         110610      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2334502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077724                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.487827                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2006059                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        65324                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          236577                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          782                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        25754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        16970                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1413460                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1252                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        25754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2008849                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         44103                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        13934                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          234691                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         7165                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1411343                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2622                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         2782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          103                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1665575                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6641588                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6641588                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1436150                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         229425                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts           95                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           20131                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       329543                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       165383                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1552                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         8062                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1406126                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          175                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1338870                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1030                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       132904                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       324870                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2334502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.573514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1858126     79.59%     79.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143059      6.13%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117149      5.02%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50624      2.17%     92.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64099      2.75%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61761      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35070      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2892      0.12%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1722      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2334502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3378     11.15%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26129     86.23%     97.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          794      2.62%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       843541     63.00%     63.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11707      0.87%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318850     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164692     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1338870                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.541544                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30301                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022632                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5043573                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1539253                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1325125                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1369171                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2287                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16681                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           48                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1712                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          121                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        25754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         40411                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1853                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1406301                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           32                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329543                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165383                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           95                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1278                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           48                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6212                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7490                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        13702                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1327895                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317628                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10975                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             482285                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         173496                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           164657                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.537105                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1325266                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1325125                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          717310                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1417729                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.535984                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.505957                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1066073                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1252881                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153596                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        11978                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.542667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364367                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1853603     80.29%     80.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166617      7.22%     87.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        77952      3.38%     90.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        76870      3.33%     94.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20679      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89415      3.87%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7008      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4921      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11683      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1066073                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1252881                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               476533                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              312862                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           165338                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1114239                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        12147                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        11683                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3703542                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2838718                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 45739                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                137818                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1066073                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1252881                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1066073                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.319091                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.319091                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.431203                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.431203                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6556697                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1543994                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1673628                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         200422                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       164167                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82585                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          76607                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20376                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          946                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1922546                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1146177                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            200422                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches        96983                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              250675                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         61383                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        58749                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          120034                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21230                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2271574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.617754                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.972520                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2020899     88.96%     88.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          26390      1.16%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          30902      1.36%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          17143      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          19510      0.86%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          11057      0.49%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7570      0.33%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          19919      0.88%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         118184      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2271574                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081066                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.463604                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1906940                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        74905                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          248617                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         1849                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        39259                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        32537                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          345                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1398932                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1876                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        39259                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        1910182                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         13822                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        52508                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          247260                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         8539                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1397377                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1944366                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6505509                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6505509                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1630781                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         313572                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           24795                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       133833                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        71812                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1675                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        15777                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1394101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1309601                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1847                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       191482                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       443527                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2271574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1721279     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       220850      9.72%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118651      5.22%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        82058      3.61%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        72365      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37133      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8872      0.39%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6010      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4356      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2271574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1366     45.11%     56.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1320     43.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1096912     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20440      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          159      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       120803      9.22%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        71287      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1309601                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.529705                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3028                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002312                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4895648                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1585978                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1286045                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1312629                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3343                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25900                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1996                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           80                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        39259                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          9784                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1011                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1394463                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       133833                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        71812                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11748                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12476                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        24224                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1288843                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       113093                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20755                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             184358                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         179285                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            71265                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.521309                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1286120                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1286045                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          765791                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2007613                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.520177                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381444                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       957370                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1174559                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       219897                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        21412                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2232315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526162                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345176                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1752695     78.51%     78.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       222528      9.97%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        93229      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        55638      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        38726      1.73%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25103      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13288      0.60%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10352      0.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20756      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2232315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       957370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1174559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               177746                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              107930                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               160                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           168034                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1058991                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        23902                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        20756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3606015                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2828185                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 31442                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                200746                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            957370                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1174559                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       957370                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.582408                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.582408                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.387235                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.387235                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5812640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1788033                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1303572                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          320                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         192291                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       173190                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12059                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        74682                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66926                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10446                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          543                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2020340                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1206542                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            192291                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        77372                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              238128                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         38287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        49369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          117912                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11926                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2333794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607625                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2095666     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1           8496      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          17404      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3           7039      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          38939      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          34891      1.50%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           6664      0.29%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          14104      0.60%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         110591      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2333794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077778                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.488020                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2008292                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        61829                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          237138                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          777                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        25752                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        16972                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          205                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1414990                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1250                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        25752                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2010969                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         42692                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        12178                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          235395                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         6802                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1413138                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2559                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         2608                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           50                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1667876                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6650575                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6650575                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1438614                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         229231                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          169                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           89                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           19143                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       329829                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       165381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         8065                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408040                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          169                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1340753                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          998                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       133126                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       325855                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2333794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1856787     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143407      6.14%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       116965      5.01%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        50796      2.18%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        64342      2.76%     95.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        61762      2.65%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35019      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2992      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1724      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2333794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3449     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        26131     86.01%     97.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          801      2.64%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845348     63.05%     63.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        11657      0.87%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           80      0.01%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       318957     23.79%     87.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       164711     12.28%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1340753                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.542306                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30381                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5046679                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1541389                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1326902                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1371134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2275                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        16807                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           54                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1611                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          119                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        25752                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         39195                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1777                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1408209                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           12                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       329829                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       165381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           89                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1198                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           54                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6308                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7542                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        13850                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1329727                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       317672                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11026                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             482347                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         173702                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           164675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.537846                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1327028                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1326902                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          718363                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1421950                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.536703                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.505196                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1067495                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1254641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       153640                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          160                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        12083                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.543595                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1852230     80.25%     80.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166831      7.23%     87.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        78144      3.39%     90.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        77060      3.34%     94.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        20739      0.90%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        89312      3.87%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7047      0.31%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4888      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11791      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308042                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1067495                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1254641                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               476786                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              313020                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                80                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           165604                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1115804                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        12179                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        11791                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3704532                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2842353                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 45834                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                138526                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1067495                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1254641                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1067495                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.316001                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.316001                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.431779                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.431779                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6564744                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1546725                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1674058                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          160                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2472320                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         193243                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       157808                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20394                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79040                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73464                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19153                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          889                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1868823                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1141713                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            193243                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        92617                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              234248                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         64019                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        61488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          116695                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20437                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2207453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628765                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1973205     89.39%     89.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          12360      0.56%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          19584      0.89%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          29605      1.34%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          12292      0.56%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          14332      0.65%     93.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          15542      0.70%     94.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          10717      0.49%     94.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         119816      5.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2207453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.078163                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.461798                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1845746                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        85248                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          232498                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        42577                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        31161                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          319                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1383977                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        42577                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1850388                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         41339                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        29798                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          229365                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        13983                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1380701                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          760                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         7029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          932                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1891051                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      6434251                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      6434251                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1556170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         334874                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          300                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          158                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           41496                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       139502                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        76857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3772                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        14833                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1375840                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          300                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1282835                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1986                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       212852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       492967                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2207453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266327                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1661364     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       221348     10.03%     85.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       121934      5.52%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80994      3.67%     94.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        73331      3.32%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        22839      1.03%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16139      0.73%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5748      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3756      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2207453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           367     11.61%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1320     41.75%     53.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1475     46.65%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056707     82.37%     82.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23654      1.84%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          142      0.01%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126902      9.89%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        75430      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1282835                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.518879                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3162                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002465                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4778271                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1589055                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1259205                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1285997                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5913                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        29368                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4743                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          995                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        42577                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         30787                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1597                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1376140                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           37                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139502                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          158                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          892                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11032                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12571                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        23603                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1263885                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119905                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18950                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             195214                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         171413                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            75309                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.511214                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1259319                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1259205                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          745734                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1892173                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.509321                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394115                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       932343                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136909                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       240275                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          284                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        20759                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2164876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376164                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1704437     78.73%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       219232     10.13%     88.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90931      4.20%     93.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46547      2.15%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        34810      1.61%     96.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19838      0.92%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12273      0.57%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10358      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26450      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2164876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       932343                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1136909                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               182243                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              110133                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               142                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           157828                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1027917                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        22172                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        26450                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3515610                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2796965                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 33294                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                264867                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            932343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1136909                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       932343                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.651728                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.651728                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.377113                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.377113                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        5735277                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1722228                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1310713                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          284                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           4948                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32745.714437                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1536121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          40.753482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1231.993652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    17.279804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data    51.457173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.326501                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   189.890933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.547394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   258.757291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.397981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    68.207197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.405703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   188.340095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    26.356079                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    69.895122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    26.428972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    69.243159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    17.283374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    53.943734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    17.277814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    51.155731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.544331                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   190.650171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.546432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   243.472394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.435306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    68.948841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.394780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   186.963867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.618725                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    83.740449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.372174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   189.097020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.531529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   242.212436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1111.074226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2105.131022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          2700.877385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1356.950986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2104.705226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1339.122651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1350.815607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1083.949672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1095.960077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          2092.992017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2688.199781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          1330.333426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          2120.675688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1685.053309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          2115.457489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          2749.699710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.037597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.001570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.005795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.007897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.005748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.002113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.001561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.005818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.007430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.002104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.005706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.005771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000382                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.007392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.033907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.064244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.082424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.041411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.064231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.040867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.041224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.033080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.033446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.063873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.082037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.040599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.064718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.051424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.064559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.083914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          269                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          230                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          408                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2843                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2843                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    21                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          233                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          393                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          268                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          408                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          272                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          269                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          233                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          393                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          469                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          268                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          408                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          316                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          406                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          479                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5557                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  4796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 150                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          574                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          557                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   4946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          105                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          574                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          386                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          557                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          169                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          381                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          563                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  4946                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4294384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15811084                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2310680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     58908083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2073170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     79356631                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4500052                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19962646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2316635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     59146497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4420357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20362301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4299775                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20589611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4125520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16858996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4236260                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15730687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2124033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58765791                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1926817                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     76441832                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4408420                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20509567                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2116963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     58558693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2287435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     25626056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2219773                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     58214264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1919157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77485860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       731908030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7093436                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8041306                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7398309                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      22533051                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4294384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15811084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2310680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     58908083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2073170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     86450067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4500052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19962646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2316635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     59146497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4420357                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20362301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4299775                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20589611                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4125520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16858996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4236260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15730687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2124033                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58765791                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1926817                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     84483138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4408420                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20509567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2116963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     58558693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2287435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     25626056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2219773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     58214264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1919157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     84884169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        754441081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      4294384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15811084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2310680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     58908083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2073170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     86450067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4500052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     19962646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2316635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     59146497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4420357                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     20362301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4299775                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     20589611                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4125520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16858996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      4236260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     15730687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2124033                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     58765791                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1926817                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     84483138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4408420                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     20509567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2116963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     58558693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2287435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     25626056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2219773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     58214264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1919157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     84884169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       754441081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          785                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          779                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          992                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               10332                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2843                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2843                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               171                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          789                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          779                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                10503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          789                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          779                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               10503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.308824                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.487959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.525948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.329177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.486624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.336658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.336658                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.323529                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.300000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.495507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.517986                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.337500                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.483544                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348454                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.484117                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.517137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.464189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.877193                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.306122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.487959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.547188                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326733                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.486624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.320700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.297376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.495507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.542885                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.334988                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.483544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.484117                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.540307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.470913                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.306122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.487959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.547188                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326733                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.486624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.320700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.297376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.495507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.542885                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.334988                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.483544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.484117                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.540307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.470913                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159051.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150581.752381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165048.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153008.007792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159474.615385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150581.842505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166668.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151232.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165473.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 154833.761780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163716.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150831.859259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159250.925926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152515.637037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152797.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153263.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156898.518519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 154222.421569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151716.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152242.981865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148216.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151670.301587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163274.814815                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151922.718519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151211.642857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 153295.007853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152495.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151633.467456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158555.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152793.343832                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147627.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 151044.561404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152608.012927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150924.170213                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151722.754717                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 147966.180000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150220.340000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159051.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150581.752381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165048.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153008.007792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159474.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150609.872822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166668.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151232.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165473.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 154833.761780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163716.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150831.859259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159250.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152515.637037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152797.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156898.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 154222.421569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151716.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152242.981865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148216.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151675.292639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163274.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151922.718519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151211.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 153295.007853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152495.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151633.467456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158555.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152793.343832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147627.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150771.170515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152535.600687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 159051.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150581.752381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 165048.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 153008.007792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 159474.615385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150609.872822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 166668.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151232.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165473.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 154833.761780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 163716.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150831.859259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 159250.925926                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 152515.637037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152797.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 153263.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 156898.518519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 154222.421569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 151716.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 152242.981865                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 148216.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151675.292639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 163274.814815                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151922.718519                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151211.642857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 153295.007853                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 152495.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151633.467456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 158555.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 152793.343832                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147627.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150771.170515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152535.600687                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 2051                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      2051                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          169                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             4796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           53                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            150                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              4946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          574                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          132                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          110                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          102                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          557                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             4946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2725988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9703317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1497285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     36516486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1317495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     48678027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2934919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12281526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1504496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     36932503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2849453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12499916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2736523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     12734973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2554417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10459612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2668447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9797253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1308853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36338949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1172103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     47107708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2841777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12654676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1304928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36359311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1411321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15786128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1405627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36062952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1162766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     47646974                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452956709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4355537                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4950922                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4485466                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13791925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2725988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9703317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1497285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     36516486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1317495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     53033564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2934919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12281526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1504496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     36932503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2849453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12499916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2736523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     12734973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2554417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10459612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2668447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9797253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1308853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36338949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1172103                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52058630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2841777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12654676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1304928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36359311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1411321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15786128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1405627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36062952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1162766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52132440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    466748634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2725988                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      9703317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1497285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     36516486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1317495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     53033564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2934919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     12281526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      1504496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     36932503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2849453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     12499916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2736523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     12734973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2554417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     10459612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2668447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9797253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1308853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     36338949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1172103                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     52058630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2841777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     12654676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1304928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     36359311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1411321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15786128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1405627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     36062952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1162766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     52132440                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    466748634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.308824                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.487959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.525948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.329177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.486624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.336658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.336658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.323529                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.300000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.495507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.517986                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.337500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.483544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348454                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.484117                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.517137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.464189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.877193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.306122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.487959                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.547188                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.486624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.320700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.297376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.495507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.542885                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.334988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.483544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.484117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.540307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.470913                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.306122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.487959                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.547188                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.326733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.486624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.334158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.334158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.320700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.297376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.495507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.542885                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.334988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.483544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.484117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.540307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.470913                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 100962.518519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92412.542857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 106948.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94848.015584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 101345.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92368.172676                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 108700.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93041.863636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       107464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96681.945026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 105535.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92591.970370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101352.703704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94333.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94608.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95087.381818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98831.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96051.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93489.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94142.354922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90161.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93467.674603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       105251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93738.340741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93209.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95181.442408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94088.066667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93409.041420                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100401.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94653.417323                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89443.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92879.091618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94444.684946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        92671                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93413.622642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 89709.320000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91946.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 100962.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92412.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 106948.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94848.015584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 101345.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92392.968641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 108700.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93041.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       107464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96681.945026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 105535.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92591.970370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101352.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94333.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94608.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95087.381818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98831.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96051.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93489.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94142.354922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90161.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93462.531418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       105251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93738.340741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93209.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95181.442408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94088.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93409.041420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100401.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94653.417323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89443.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92597.584369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94368.911039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 100962.518519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92412.542857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 106948.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 94848.015584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 101345.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 92392.968641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 108700.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93041.863636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst       107464                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 96681.945026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 105535.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92591.970370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 101352.703704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 94333.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 94608.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 95087.381818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 98831.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 96051.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 93489.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 94142.354922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 90161.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93462.531418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       105251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93738.340741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93209.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95181.442408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 94088.066667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93409.041420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 100401.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 94653.417323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 89443.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92597.584369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94368.911039                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              473.100975                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750129954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1549855.276860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    18.100975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.029008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       121987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       121987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         121987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       121987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        121987                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7316047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7316047                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7316047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7316047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7316047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7316047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       122026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       122026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       122026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       122026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 187590.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 187590.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 187590.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 187590.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 187590.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 187590.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5739482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5739482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5739482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5739482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5739482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5739482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 197913.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197913.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 197913.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197913.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 197913.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197913.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              108893333                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             181791.874791                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   117.080647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   138.919353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.457346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.542654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        96310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70544                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         166854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       166854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        166854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          846                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total          858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total          858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     91408417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91408417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       994038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       994038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92402455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92402455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     92402455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92402455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70556                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       167712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 108047.774232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108047.774232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 82836.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82836.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107695.168998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107695.168998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107695.168998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107695.168998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34091833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34091833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       211646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       211646                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34303479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34303479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34303479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34303479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100270.097059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100270.097059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 70548.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70548.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100010.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100010.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100010.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100010.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              556.325468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              765693800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1374674.685817                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.325468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.021355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       117783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117783                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       117783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         117783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       117783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        117783                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2934813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2934813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2934813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2934813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2934813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2934813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       117798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       117798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       117798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       117798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       117798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 195654.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 195654.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 195654.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 195654.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 195654.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 195654.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2685507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2685507                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2685507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2685507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2685507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2685507                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 191821.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191821.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 191821.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191821.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 191821.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191821.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  789                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              287983355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1045                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             275582.157895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   102.297371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   153.702629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.399599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.600401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       299875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       163643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163643                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       463518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         463518                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       463518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        463518                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         2843                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         2843                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    358949202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    358949202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    358949202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    358949202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    358949202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    358949202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       302718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       163643                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163643                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           85                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       466361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       466361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 126257.193809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126257.193809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 126257.193809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126257.193809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 126257.193809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126257.193809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     92643447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92643447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     92643447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92643447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     92643447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92643447                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117418.817490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117418.817490                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117418.817490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117418.817490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 117418.817490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117418.817490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              501.546361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              750408998                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1494838.641434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    12.546361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.020106                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         116548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        116548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2783301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2783301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2783301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2783301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2783301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2783301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       116564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       116564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173956.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173956.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173956.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173956.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 173956.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173956.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2491046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2491046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2491046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2491046                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2491046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2491046                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 191618.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191618.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 191618.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191618.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 191618.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 191618.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 1049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              125071406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             95840.157854                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   186.691994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    69.308006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.729266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.270734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        88227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        71417                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71417                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       159644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         159644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       159644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        159644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          349                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2733                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2733                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    316776833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    316776833                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     64149004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     64149004                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    380925837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    380925837                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    380925837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    380925837                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        90611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        71766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          144                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       162377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       162377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.026310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.016831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.016831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 132876.188339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 132876.188339                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 183808.034384                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183808.034384                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 139380.108672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 139380.108672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 139380.108672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 139380.108672                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          302                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1684                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1684                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    118478970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118478970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      7688925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7688925                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    126167895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    126167895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    126167895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    126167895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000655                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000655                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 118242.485030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118242.485030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 163594.148936                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163594.148936                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120274.447092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120274.447092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120274.447092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120274.447092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              503.364851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              746682597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1481513.089286                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    28.364851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.045456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.806674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       121059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       121059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         121059                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       121059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        121059                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7263940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7263940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7263940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7263940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7263940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7263940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       121091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121091                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       121091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       121091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       121091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       121091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 226998.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226998.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 226998.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226998.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 226998.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226998.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6476919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6476919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6476919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6476919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6476919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6476919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 223342.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223342.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 223342.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223342.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 223342.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 223342.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              112794572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             170900.866667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   158.323858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    97.676142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.618453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.381547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        81909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        68232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68232                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       150141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         150141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       150141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        150141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    156430257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156430257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1490304                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1490304                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    157920561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    157920561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    157920561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    157920561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        83223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        68247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       151470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       151470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119048.901826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119048.901826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99353.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99353.600000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118826.607223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118826.607223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118826.607223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118826.607223                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41107980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41107980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       268600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       268600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41376580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41376580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     41376580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41376580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102513.665835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102513.665835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 89533.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89533.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102417.277228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102417.277228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 102417.277228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102417.277228                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              556.404669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              765693663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1374674.439856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    13.404669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.021482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891674                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       117646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       117646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         117646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       117646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        117646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3049733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3049733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3049733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3049733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3049733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3049733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       117662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       117662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       117662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       117662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       117662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 190608.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190608.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 190608.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190608.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 190608.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190608.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2697804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2697804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2697804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2697804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2697804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2697804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 192700.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192700.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 192700.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192700.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 192700.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 192700.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  785                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              287983336                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 1041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             276641.052834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   102.262068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   153.737932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.399461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.600539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       299923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       163577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       463500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         463500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       463500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        463500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2810                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2810                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    358082104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    358082104                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    358082104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    358082104                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    358082104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    358082104                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       302733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       163577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           84                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       466310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       466310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 127431.353737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127431.353737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 127431.353737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 127431.353737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 127431.353737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 127431.353737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             133                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2025                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2025                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     93578466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93578466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     93578466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93578466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     93578466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93578466                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002593                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001683                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119208.236943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119208.236943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119208.236943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119208.236943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119208.236943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119208.236943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              503.323930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              746682517                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1481512.930556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    28.323930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.045391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.806609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         120979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       120979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        120979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7125089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7125089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7125089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7125089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7125089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7125089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       121013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       121013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       121013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 209561.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 209561.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 209561.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 209561.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 209561.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 209561.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6019163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6019163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6019163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6019163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6019163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6019163                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 207557.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207557.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 207557.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207557.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 207557.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 207557.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              112794582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             170900.881818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   158.534850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    97.465150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.619277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.380723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        81887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81887                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        68264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68264                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       150151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         150151                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       150151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        150151                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1337                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1337                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    159399141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159399141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1591978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1591978                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    160991119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    160991119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    160991119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    160991119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        83209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        68279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       151488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       151488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120574.236762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120574.236762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 106131.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106131.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120412.205684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120412.205684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 120412.205684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120412.205684                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     40967205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40967205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       301321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       301321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     41268526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41268526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     41268526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41268526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102162.605985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102162.605985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100440.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100440.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102149.816832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102149.816832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 102149.816832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102149.816832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              503.396338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              746682545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1481512.986111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.396338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.045507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.806725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       121007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       121007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         121007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       121007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        121007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6767050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6767050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6767050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6767050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6767050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6767050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       121039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       121039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       121039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       121039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       121039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 211470.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 211470.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 211470.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 211470.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 211470.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 211470.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5948528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5948528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5948528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5948528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5948528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5948528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 205121.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205121.655172                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 205121.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205121.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 205121.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 205121.655172                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  404                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              112794595                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  660                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             170900.901515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   158.497035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    97.502965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.619129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.380871                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        81893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        68271                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68271                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       150164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         150164                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       150164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        150164                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    157730571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    157730571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1541419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1541419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    159271990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    159271990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    159271990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    159271990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        83207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        68286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68286                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       151493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015792                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 120038.486301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120038.486301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102761.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102761.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119843.483822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119843.483822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 119843.483822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119843.483822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     41125089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41125089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       286861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       286861                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     41411950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41411950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     41411950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41411950                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102556.331671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102556.331671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 95620.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95620.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102504.826733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102504.826733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 102504.826733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102504.826733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              473.104803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750129888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1549855.140496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    18.104803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.029014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         121921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        121921                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6874051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6874051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6874051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6874051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6874051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6874051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       121959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       121959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180896.078947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 180896.078947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180896.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 180896.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 180896.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 180896.078947                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5402981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5402981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5402981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5402981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5402981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5402981                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 186309.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186309.689655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 186309.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186309.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 186309.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 186309.689655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              108893307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             181791.831386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   117.094806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   138.905194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.457402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.542598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        96295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        70533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70533                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         166828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       166828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        166828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total          855                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total          855                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     91890504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91890504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1082417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1082417                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92972921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92972921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     92972921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92972921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        97138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97138                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        70545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       167683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       167683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008678                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109004.156584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109004.156584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 90201.416667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 90201.416667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108740.258480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108740.258480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 108740.258480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108740.258480                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          512                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34241312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34241312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       224929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       224929                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34466241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34466241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     34466241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34466241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003500                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002046                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100709.741176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100709.741176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 74976.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74976.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100484.667638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100484.667638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 100484.667638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100484.667638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              473.098738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              750129914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1549855.194215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    18.098738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.029004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.758171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       121947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121947                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       121947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         121947                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       121947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        121947                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7171386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7171386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7171386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7171386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7171386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7171386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       121985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       121985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       121985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       121985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       121985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000312                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 188720.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 188720.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 188720.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 188720.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 188720.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 188720.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5671039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5671039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5671039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5671039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5671039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5671039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 195553.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195553.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 195553.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195553.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 195553.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 195553.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  343                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              108893423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             181792.025042                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   117.075034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   138.924966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.457324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.542676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        96404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         96404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        70540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        70540                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       166944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         166944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       166944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        166944                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          848                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total          856                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total          856                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     91858865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91858865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1016795                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1016795                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     92875660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     92875660                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     92875660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     92875660                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        97252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        70548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        70548                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          172                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       167800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       167800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       167800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       167800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000113                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108324.133255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108324.133255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 127099.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127099.375000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108499.602804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 108499.602804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 108499.602804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 108499.602804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              76                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          513                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     33992903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33992903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       304388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       304388                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     34297291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34297291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     34297291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34297291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99979.126471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99979.126471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 101462.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101462.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99992.102041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99992.102041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 99992.102041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99992.102041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              556.543297                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              765693730                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1374674.560144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.543297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.021704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       117713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       117713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         117713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       117713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        117713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2840936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2840936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2840936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2840936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2840936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2840936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       117729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       117729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       117729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       117729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       117729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177558.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 177558.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177558.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 177558.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 177558.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 177558.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2494369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2494369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2494369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2494369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2494369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2494369                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178169.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178169.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178169.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178169.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 178169.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178169.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  779                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              287983221                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 1035                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             278244.657971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   102.472376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   153.527624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.400283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.599717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       299810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299810                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       163577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163577                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       463387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         463387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       463387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        463387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2833                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    356143757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    356143757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    356143757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    356143757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    356143757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    356143757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       302643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       163577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163577                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           82                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       466220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       466220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125712.586304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125712.586304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125712.586304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125712.586304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 125712.586304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125712.586304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2054                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2054                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92256148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92256148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92256148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92256148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     92256148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92256148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118428.944801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118428.944801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118428.944801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118428.944801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 118428.944801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118428.944801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              501.545395                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750409064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1494838.772908                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.545395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.020105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       116614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       116614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         116614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       116614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        116614                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2554932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2554932                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2554932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2554932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2554932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2554932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       116629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       116629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       116629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       116629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       116629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170328.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 170328.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170328.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 170328.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 170328.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 170328.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2349470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2349470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2349470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2349470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2349470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2349470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 180728.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180728.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 180728.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180728.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 180728.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180728.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 1026                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              125071106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             97559.365055                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   184.491880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    71.508120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.720671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.279329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        88123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88123                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        71225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       159348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         159348                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       159348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        159348                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2682                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    305995710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    305995710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     71356850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     71356850                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    377352560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    377352560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    377352560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    377352560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        90421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        71609                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71609                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          140                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       162030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162030                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       162030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162030                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.025414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005362                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005362                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.016552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.016552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 133157.402089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 133157.402089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 185825.130208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 185825.130208                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 140698.195377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140698.195377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 140698.195377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140698.195377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          331                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1656                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1656                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           53                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1026                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    114596705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114596705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8716928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8716928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123313633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123313633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    123313633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123313633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000740                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117776.675231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117776.675231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 164470.339623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164470.339623                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120188.726121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120188.726121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 120188.726121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120188.726121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              503.402208                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              746682545                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1481512.986111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    28.402208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.045516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.806734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       121007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       121007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         121007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       121007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        121007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7191291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7191291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7191291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7191291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7191291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7191291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       121039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121039                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       121039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       121039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       121039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       121039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000264                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 224727.843750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224727.843750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 224727.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 224727.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 224727.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 224727.843750                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6462410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6462410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6462410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6462410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6462410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6462410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 222841.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222841.724138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 222841.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222841.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 222841.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222841.724138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  403                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              112794572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  659                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             171160.200303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   158.528931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    97.471069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.619254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.380746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        81878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        68263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       150141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         150141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       150141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        150141                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1320                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    159867014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    159867014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1714442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1714442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    161581456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    161581456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    161581456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    161581456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        83182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        68279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       151461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       151461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000234                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000234                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122597.403374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122597.403374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107152.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107152.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122410.193939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122410.193939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122410.193939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122410.193939                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              83                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          917                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          403                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     41500670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     41500670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       311222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       311222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     41811892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     41811892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     41811892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     41811892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002661                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002661                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103751.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103751.675000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103740.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103740.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103751.593052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103751.593052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103751.593052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103751.593052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              556.393769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              765693613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1374674.350090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    13.393769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.021464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       117596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       117596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         117596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       117596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        117596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2770153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2770153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2770153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2770153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2770153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2770153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       117612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       117612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       117612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       117612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       117612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173134.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173134.562500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173134.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173134.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 173134.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173134.562500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2469155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2469155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2469155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2469155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2469155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2469155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176368.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176368.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176368.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176368.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 176368.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176368.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  790                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              287983123                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1046                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             275318.473231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   102.220907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   153.779093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.399300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.600700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       299780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       163510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       463290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         463290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       463290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        463290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2862                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    362187740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    362187740                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    362187740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    362187740                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    362187740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    362187740                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       302642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       163510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       466152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       466152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009457                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 126550.573026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126550.573026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 126550.573026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 126550.573026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 126550.573026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 126550.573026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             139                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2072                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2072                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93454728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93454728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93454728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93454728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     93454728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93454728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118297.124051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118297.124051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118297.124051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118297.124051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118297.124051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118297.124051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              496.617869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              747247292                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1503515.678068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.617869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.023426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        120015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         120015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       120015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        120015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3049976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3049976                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3049976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3049976                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3049976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3049976                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       120034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       120034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       120034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       120034                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160525.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160525.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160525.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160525.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160525.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160525.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2419259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2419259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2419259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2419259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2419259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2419259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161283.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161283.933333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161283.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161283.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161283.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161283.933333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  485                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              117749227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             158905.839406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   160.066010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    95.933990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.625258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.374742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        82768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        69413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        69413                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       152181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         152181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       152181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        152181                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1678                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           68                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1746                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1746                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    202961485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202961485                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7911848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7911848                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    210873333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    210873333                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    210873333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    210873333                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        84446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        84446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        69481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          160                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       153927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       153927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       153927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       153927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.019871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000979                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120954.401073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120954.401073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 116350.705882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116350.705882                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120775.104811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120775.104811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 120775.104811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120775.104811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           68                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1261                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     48645633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48645633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     48645633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     48645633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     48645633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     48645633                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100300.274227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100300.274227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100300.274227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100300.274227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 100300.274227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100300.274227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              556.371146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              765693913                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1374674.888689                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.371146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.021428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       117896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        117896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       117896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         117896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       117896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        117896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2986244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2986244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2986244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2986244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2986244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2986244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       117912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       117912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       117912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       117912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       117912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       117912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186640.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 186640.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186640.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 186640.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 186640.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 186640.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2596947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2596947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2596947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2596947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2596947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2596947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 185496.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185496.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 185496.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185496.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 185496.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185496.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  787                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              287983263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             276110.511026                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   102.420831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   153.579169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.400081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.599919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       299825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        299825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       163605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       163605                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       463430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         463430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       463430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        463430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    355048535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    355048535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    355048535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    355048535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    355048535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    355048535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       302660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       302660                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       163605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       163605                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           81                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           80                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       466265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       466265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       466265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       466265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009367                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125237.578483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125237.578483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125237.578483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125237.578483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125237.578483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125237.578483                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2048                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2048                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     92068939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92068939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     92068939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92068939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     92068939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92068939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116987.216010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116987.216010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116987.216010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116987.216010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116987.216010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116987.216010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              501.530515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              750409130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1494838.904382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.530515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.020081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       116680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       116680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         116680                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       116680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        116680                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           15                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2548828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2548828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2548828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2548828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2548828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2548828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       116695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       116695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       116695                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       116695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       116695                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169921.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169921.866667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169921.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169921.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169921.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169921.866667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2316331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2316331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2316331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2316331                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2316331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2316331                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 178179.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178179.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 178179.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178179.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 178179.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178179.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 1042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              125071264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             96356.906009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   183.477520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    72.522480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.716709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.283291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        71355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        71355                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       159501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         159501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       159501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        159501                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          377                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2728                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    315962238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    315962238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     66454591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66454591                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    382416829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    382416829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    382416829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    382416829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        90497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        71732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          145                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          142                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       162229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       162229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       162229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       162229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.025979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.016816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 134394.826882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134394.826882                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 176272.124668                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176272.124668                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 140182.122067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 140182.122067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 140182.122067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 140182.122067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             494                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          327                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1686                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    116602581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116602581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7991267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7991267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    124593848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124593848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    124593848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124593848                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 117542.924395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117542.924395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 159825.340000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159825.340000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 119571.831094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119571.831094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 119571.831094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119571.831094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
