
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011844                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11843794128                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538945857036                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 395736                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   509021                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 295293                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67759048                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 40108.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 15872458763                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20416162084                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       247680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       405760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       256256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       163072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       257152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       249344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       122496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       449408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       256384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       163200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       256128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       245888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       247936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       163328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       403584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4080256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1262720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1262720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         3170                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         2009                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         3511                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1921                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         1937                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1276                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         3153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 31877                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            9865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 9865                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       389065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     34259292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     21636310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       421487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13768561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21711961                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21052713                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       356642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     10342632                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       399872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     37944597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       335028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21647117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       421487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13779368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       302606                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21625503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     20760915                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       378257                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20933832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       453909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13790176                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       367450                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     34075567                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               344505819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       389065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       421487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       356642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       399872                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       335028                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       421487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       302606                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       378257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       453909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       367450                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            5922426                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         106614484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              106614484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         106614484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     20912218                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       389065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     34259292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     21636310                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       421487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13768561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21711961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21052713                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       356642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     10342632                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       399872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     37944597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       335028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21647117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       421487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13779368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       302606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21625503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     20760915                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       378257                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20933832                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       453909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13790176                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       367450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     34075567                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              451120303                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2074637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1700694                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205129                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       854178                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808197                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212585                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19826671                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11809209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2074637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1020782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2595110                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        586719                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      2000714                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1223923                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204163                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     24800224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582419                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       22205114     89.54%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         280036      1.13%     90.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         323125      1.30%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         178344      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         207312      0.84%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         113355      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          77464      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         201783      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1213691      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     24800224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.415782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19661445                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      2169379                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2574443                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19370                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       336981                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14417421                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11356                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19692311                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        466206                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1616403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2563650                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        86067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14407549                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21693                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        40349                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     20011491                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     67087433                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     67087433                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025519                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2985955                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3859                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2195                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          233651                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1380407                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       749871                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19767                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       165753                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379932                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3867                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13569915                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1841582                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4266035                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          524                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24800224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240553                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19084371     76.95%     76.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298626      9.27%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234739      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854120      3.44%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       748262      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383649      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91499      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60500      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44458      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24800224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3325     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13237     44.27%     55.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13336     44.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11355611     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212335      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256693      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743618      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13569915                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.477774                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29898                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002203                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51989218                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16225517                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13339908                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13599813                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34220                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251666                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19326                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          530                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       375581                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        422553                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13781                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8091                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1380407                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749871                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9569                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117435                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116390                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233825                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13366621                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179261                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1922650                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1868545                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           743389                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470616                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13340199                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13339908                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7930579                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20778752                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469676                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381668                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2115251                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206227                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24424643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318194                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19412017     79.48%     79.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324592      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975252      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584313      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405299      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261144      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136726      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109023      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216277      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24424643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859286                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128741                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755765                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       216277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           38592236                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29143477                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                306952                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3602161                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.840238                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.840238                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.352083                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.352083                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60294368                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18509544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13452068                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1992172                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1629584                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       196717                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       821005                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         783377                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204176                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8822                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19320551                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11306827                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1992172                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       987553                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2367663                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        573109                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1011490                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1190265                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197686                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23071811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598666                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       20704148     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         128648      0.56%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         202693      0.88%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         321710      1.39%     92.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         133215      0.58%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         149154      0.65%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         159864      0.69%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         103712      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1168667      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23071811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070141                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.398094                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19135268                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1198652                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2359954                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         6105                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       371831                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       326011                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     13800452                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1627                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       371831                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19165987                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        259512                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       850285                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2335895                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        88288                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     13789741                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         3529                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        23887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        32663                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6408                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19141333                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     64142278                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     64142278                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     16299288                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2842037                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3567                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1989                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          261430                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1314268                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       707040                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21321                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       160727                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         13768188                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3578                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13015551                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17057                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1765390                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3962840                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          395                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23071811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.564132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257886                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17581568     76.20%     76.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2205585      9.56%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1204104      5.22%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       821809      3.56%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       767502      3.33%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219953      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       172597      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58568      0.25%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40125      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23071811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3121     12.81%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9429     38.69%     51.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11822     48.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10903090     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       206065      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1577      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1202799      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702020      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13015551                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.458256                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24372                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001873                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49144341                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15537312                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12803943                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13039923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39082                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238365                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22858                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          850                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       371831                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        180400                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13771792                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1314268                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707040                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1988                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8950                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       114032                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       112995                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       227027                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12828910                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1131681                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       186640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1833267                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1805016                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           701586                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.451684                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             12804166                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            12803943                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7487919                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        19555865                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.450805                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382899                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9574484                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     11735858                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2036018                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3183                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       200615                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22699980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.368320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17934339     79.01%     79.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2308205     10.17%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       898941      3.96%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       484624      2.13%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       361251      1.59%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       202590      0.89%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125355      0.55%     98.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111585      0.49%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273090      1.20%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22699980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      9574484                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     11735858                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1760082                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1075900                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1684484                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        10575058                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       238452                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       273090                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           36198701                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          27915625                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                315228                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               5330574                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           9574484                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            11735858                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      9574484                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.966466                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.966466                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.337101                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.337101                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       57850083                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      17748744                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      12874801                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2458714                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2046749                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225294                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939830                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         898804                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264450                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10455                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21392752                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             13484361                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2458714                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1163254                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2810996                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        628364                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      1968505                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           78                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1330197                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215443                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     26575559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623777                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       23764563     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         172266      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         216946      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         345904      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         145176      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         186523      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         216804      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          99797      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1427580      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     26575559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086567                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.474762                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       21269090                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2106662                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2797679                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       400739                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       374401                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     16486754                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       400739                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       21290915                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         69138                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      1977361                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2777206                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        60193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     16386143                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        41765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     22881372                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     76198321                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     76198321                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     19120572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3760791                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3960                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2064                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          211383                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1538257                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       802030                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9038                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       180101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         15999056                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3975                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        15338110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15955                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1963085                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4011025                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26575559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20077910     75.55%     75.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2962335     11.15%     86.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1211870      4.56%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       679461      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       919728      3.46%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283732      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279380      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149344      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11799      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26575559                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105944     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14502     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13707     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12920785     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209442      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1896      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1406690      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       799297      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     15338110                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.540029                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134153                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57401887                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17966206                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14936648                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     15472263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11357                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295481                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12234                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       400739                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         52883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6827                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     16003037                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11893                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1538257                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       802030                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2064                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5973                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132668                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126815                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       259483                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15069885                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1383038                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       268225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2182206                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2130995                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           799168                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.530585                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14936769                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14936648                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8947926                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        24039927                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.525894                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11124024                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     13707357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2295731                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3825                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       227006                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26174820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20372850     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2940346     11.23%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1068475      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530637      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486941      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204335      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202480      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96217      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272539      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26174820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     11124024                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     13707357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              2032568                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1242772                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1908                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1986845                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        12341065                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       283044                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       272539                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           41905291                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          32406942                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                327100                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1826826                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          11124024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            13707357                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     11124024                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.553247                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.553247                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.391658                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.391658                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       67803640                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      20869831                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15242896                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3822                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        1935246                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732645                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154720                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1293749                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277329                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112454                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4612                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20532518                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11006188                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           1935246                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1389783                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2452791                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        511323                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       862116                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1242883                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151490                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     24203192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507881                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21750401     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         379557      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         184971      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         374031      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         114334      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         347588      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          53157      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          86698      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         912455      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     24203192                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.068137                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.387509                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20339615                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1060040                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2447748                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         1983                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       353805                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       178458                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred         1962                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     12270010                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         4636                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       353805                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20361949                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        689852                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       300167                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2425296                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        72117                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     12250701                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         9453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        55422                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     16013219                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     55455101                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     55455101                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     12937221                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        3075990                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         1593                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          164781                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      2246701                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       348838                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3154                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        79661                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         12185705                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1598                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        11393836                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7668                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2234502                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4595123                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24203192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470758                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082363                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19206794     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1550018      6.40%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1701124      7.03%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       975000      4.03%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       494901      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124341      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144718      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3415      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2881      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24203192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18736     57.35%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7696     23.56%     80.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6239     19.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8910977     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86691      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          787      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049767     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345614      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     11393836                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.401158                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32671                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002867                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47031203                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14421840                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11102468                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     11426507                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8671                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460777                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           38                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9376                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       353805                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        608227                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8563                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12187311                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          480                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2246701                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348838                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          806                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4168                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          245                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           38                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104068                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59857                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       163925                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11251426                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2021517                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142410                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            2367103                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1713111                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           345586                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.396144                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             11105159                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            11102468                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         6726562                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        14501286                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.390899                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.463860                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8856614                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      9936593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2251220                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       153567                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23849387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416639                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285230                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20168566     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1433539      6.01%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933649      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290531      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491953      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93560      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59166      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53829      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324594      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23849387                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      8856614                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      9936593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              2125383                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1785921                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1527869                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         8673003                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       120856                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       324594                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           35712580                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          24729697                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                462429                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               4199193                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           8856614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             9936593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      8856614                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.206912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.206912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.311826                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.311826                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       52356982                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      14430991                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13091160                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         1584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2196144                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1796871                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215929                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       902183                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         862541                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         226587                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9790                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21130359                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             12283332                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2196144                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1089128                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2562587                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        591347                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      1144264                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1294213                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     25209829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       22647242     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         119416      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         189537      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         256288      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         263509      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         223549      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         125803      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         185701      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1198784      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     25209829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077323                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.432475                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       20913829                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      1362895                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2557694                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         3051                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       372358                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       361347                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     15070293                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1519                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       372358                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       20971983                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        182958                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      1046964                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2503279                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       132285                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     15063825                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        19271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        56878                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     21018938                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     70078715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     70078715                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     18185718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2833215                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3733                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1942                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          395999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1410917                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       763366                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9039                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       174432                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         15043958                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3747                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        14275048                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2274                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1686007                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4045492                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          139                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25209829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259836                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19176330     76.07%     76.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2476416      9.82%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1256200      4.98%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       950049      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746784      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301384      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190010      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99279      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13377      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25209829                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2609     10.90%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8730     36.49%     47.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12588     52.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12005125     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213025      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1294336      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       760774      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     14275048                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.502600                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23927                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53786126                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16733777                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14057382                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     14298975                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28569                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       229243                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11614                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       372358                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        150987                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12980                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15047730                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1410917                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       763366                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1945                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11008                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124775                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       122027                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       246802                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14075120                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1216534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1977239                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1999423                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           760705                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.495561                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             14057508                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            14057382                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         8070208                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        21752507                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.494937                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371001                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10601751                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     13045686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2002052                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3608                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       218422                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24837471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372929                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19489151     78.47%     78.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2648746     10.66%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003354      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       477180      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400327      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       230968      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204231      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90954      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292560      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24837471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10601751                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     13045686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1933423                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1181671                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1881351                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11753949                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       268687                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       292560                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           39592571                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          30467856                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                321818                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               3192556                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10601751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            13045686                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10601751                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.679028                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.679028                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.373270                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.373270                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       63348620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      19581445                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13969842                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3604                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               28402165                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1940690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1737535                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155347                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1312377                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1282275                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112938                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20598021                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11032966                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1940690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1395213                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2459727                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        511657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       840142                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1246834                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       152111                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     24253362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508094                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.740550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       21793635     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         380774      1.57%     91.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         185026      0.76%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         375417      1.55%     93.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         115230      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         349345      1.44%     95.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          53302      0.22%     95.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          86611      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         914022      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     24253362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.068329                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.388455                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       20406331                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      1036857                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2454652                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         2020                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       353501                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       178719                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         1971                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     12300823                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         4646                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       353501                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       20428645                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        685134                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       282069                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2432222                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        71785                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     12281246                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         9513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        55055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     16052115                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     55592891                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     55592891                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     12984317                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        3067675                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1598                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          810                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          164447                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      2253575                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       349892                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3113                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        79609                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         12215836                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1602                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        11426663                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7679                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2228307                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4584672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24253362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19241336     79.33%     79.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1556025      6.42%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1706762      7.04%     92.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       976724      4.03%     96.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       496507      2.05%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124214      0.51%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145519      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3470      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2805      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24253362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18840     57.34%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7747     23.58%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6271     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8936090     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86975      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          790      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2056281     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       346527      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     11426663                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.402317                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32858                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002876                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47147225                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14445781                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11135364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     11459521                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8698                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       461874                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           40                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8984                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       353501                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        604182                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8485                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12217444                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          483                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2253575                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       349892                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          808                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4077                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          248                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           40                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104812                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59648                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       164460                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11284856                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2028146                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141807                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            2374635                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1718747                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           346489                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.397324                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             11138290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            11135364                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6746587                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        14540461                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.392060                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.463987                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8887716                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      9972344                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2245519                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1590                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       154186                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23899861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20205710     84.54%     84.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1438809      6.02%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       936893      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       291685      1.22%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       493667      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93991      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59363      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        54051      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       325692      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23899861                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      8887716                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      9972344                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              2132577                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1791669                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1533299                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         8704484                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       121385                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       325692                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           35792006                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          24789584                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                464484                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               4148803                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           8887716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             9972344                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      8887716                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.195665                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.195665                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.312924                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.312924                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       52512350                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      14473966                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13124430                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2075220                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701378                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205133                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853776                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         808042                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212563                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9162                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19813025                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11807128                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2075220                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1020605                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2594254                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        586980                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      1986885                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1223031                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203963                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     24772326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.919273                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       22178072     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         279982      1.13%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         322840      1.30%     91.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         178017      0.72%     92.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         207094      0.84%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         113500      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          77362      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         201890      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1213569      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     24772326                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.073065                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.415709                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19649234                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      2154166                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2573408                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        19499                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       376013                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       336875                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         2149                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14414714                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        11296                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       376013                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19680322                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        506000                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      1561216                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2562725                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        86044                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14404629                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           29                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        21951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        40133                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     20009373                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     67071255                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     67071255                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     17017409                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2991964                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3855                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2191                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          233724                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1379983                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       749297                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19708                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       166021                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14377753                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3865                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13564686                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19431                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1845082                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4280352                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          522                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24772326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547574                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19058220     76.93%     76.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2297513      9.27%     86.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1235200      4.99%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854136      3.45%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747626      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383204      1.55%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91632      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60311      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44484      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24772326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3355     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13193     44.18%     55.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13317     44.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11351504     83.68%     83.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212116      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1657      0.01%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256306      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743103      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13564686                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.477590                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29865                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002202                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51950994                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16226836                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13334160                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13594551                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33984                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       251733                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        19072                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          374                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       376013                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        462437                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14209                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14381633                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7327                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1379983                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       749297                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2195                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9865                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       117366                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116438                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       233804                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13360822                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1178358                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1921235                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1867914                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           742877                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.470412                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13334437                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13334160                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7927034                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        20769366                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.469473                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.381670                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9995324                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12262978                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2118787                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       206210                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24396313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318471                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19385313     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324100      9.53%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974897      4.00%     92.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584308      2.40%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405141      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       260777      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136750      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109005      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216022      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24396313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9995324                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12262978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1858475                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1128250                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1754964                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11055709                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       249508                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       216022                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           38561991                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          29139557                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                306781                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               3630059                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9995324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12262978                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9995324                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.841567                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.841567                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.351918                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.351918                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       60266729                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      18503060                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13448750                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2456738                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      2045091                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       225107                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       939078                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         898084                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         264241                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        10445                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21375396                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             13473477                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2456738                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1162325                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2808751                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        627852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1994582                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1329118                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215265                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     26584236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623073                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       23775485     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         172122      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         216786      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         345633      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         145064      0.55%     92.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         186372      0.70%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         216638      0.81%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          99705      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1426431      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     26584236                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086498                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.474378                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       21254405                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2132579                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2795449                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       400416                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       374105                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          279                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     16473541                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1635                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       400416                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       21276213                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         69046                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2003417                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2774995                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        60142                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     16373019                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           16                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        41732                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     22862930                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     76137231                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     76137231                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     19104963                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3757938                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3956                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2062                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          211224                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1537049                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       801387                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9031                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       179963                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15986164                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3971                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        15325682                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15941                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1961595                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4008022                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          150                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     26584236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20091881     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2959907     11.13%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1210881      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       678910      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       918975      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       283513      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       279153      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       149228      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11788      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     26584236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        105862     78.97%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        14493     10.81%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13695     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12910282     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       209285      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1894      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1405573      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       798648      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     15325682                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.539591                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            134050                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008747                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     57385591                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     17951820                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14924542                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     15459732                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        11350                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       295261                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           93                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        12231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       400416                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         52816                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6816                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15990141                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11886                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1537049                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       801387                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2062                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5962                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           93                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132567                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       126705                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       259272                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     15057671                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1381939                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       268011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2180458                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2129271                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           798519                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.530155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14924660                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14924542                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8940656                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        24020332                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.525468                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372212                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11114953                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     13696229                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2293940                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3821                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       226817                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     26183820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20386575     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2937939     11.22%     89.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1067597      4.08%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       530220      2.02%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       486551      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204170      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       202315      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        96132      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272321      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     26183820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11114953                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     13696229                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              2030929                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1241778                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1985237                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        12331067                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       282827                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       272321                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           41901590                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          32380803                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                326825                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1818149                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11114953                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            13696229                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11114953                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.555331                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.555331                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.391339                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.391339                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       67748723                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      20852798                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      15230609                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3818                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1936998                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1747501                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       103621                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       738761                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         689807                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106362                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4494                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20525120                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12177085                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1936998                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       796169                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2406648                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        327804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      2718169                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1179498                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       103855                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     25871561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552291                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.855297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       23464913     90.70%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          85560      0.33%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         175371      0.68%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          74082      0.29%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         398177      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         355952      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          68643      0.27%     95.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         145138      0.56%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1103725      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     25871561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068198                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.428735                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       20296754                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      2948151                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2397608                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         7664                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       221379                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       170151                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     14279159                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1501                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       221379                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20325721                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2724916                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       124620                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2379410                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        95508                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     14270419                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           44                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        49285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        31535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents          673                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     16768876                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     67202998                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     67202998                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     14817814                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        1951062                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1667                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          848                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          224094                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      3361249                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      1697877                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        15513                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        83131                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         14239910                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1673                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        13667520                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         8225                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1135386                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2744907                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25871561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528284                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.318757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     20960962     81.02%     81.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1499337      5.80%     86.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1215649      4.70%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       524091      2.03%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       654377      2.53%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       618941      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       352611      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28011      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        17582      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25871561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34402     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead       262168     86.16%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7711      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8580494     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       119509      0.87%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          818      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3273362     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1693337     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     13667520                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.481210                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            304281                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022263                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53519107                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15377343                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13548921                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     13971801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        24696                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136382                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           57                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          376                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11674                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1208                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       221379                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       2651048                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        27855                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14241598                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          147                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3361249                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1697877                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          849                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        16947                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          376                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        59566                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        61710                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       121276                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13571143                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3262459                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        96377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            4955600                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1777642                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          1693141                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.477817                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             13549361                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            13548921                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         7323258                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        14475547                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.477035                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.505905                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10995249                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12921268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1321778                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1651                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       105669                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     25650182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503750                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20944834     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1732731      6.76%     88.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       807292      3.15%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       792702      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       219592      0.86%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       905949      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        69181      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50560      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127341      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     25650182                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10995249                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12921268                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              4911070                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             3224867                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               824                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1706163                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11490401                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       125203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       127341                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           39765848                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          28707506                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                441844                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               2530824                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10995249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12921268                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10995249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.583151                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.583151                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.387124                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.387124                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       67076483                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      15745175                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      16985868                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1648                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        1934422                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732029                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       155140                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1306760                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1277980                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4657                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20537418                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             10997594                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           1934422                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1390610                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2452242                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        511015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       858021                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1243291                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151928                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     24202718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       21750476     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         379869      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         184385      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         374288      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         114657      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         348441      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6          53043      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          86164      0.36%     96.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         911395      3.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     24202718                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.068108                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.387207                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20345150                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      1055339                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2447188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1965                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       353075                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       178118                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred         1962                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     12262678                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         4636                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       353075                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20367564                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        687610                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       297925                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2424617                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        71921                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     12243008                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         9372                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        55311                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     16002246                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     55420508                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     55420508                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     12937235                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3064983                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         1593                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          808                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          164367                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      2246593                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       348487                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3191                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        79220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         12177743                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        11388934                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7698                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2225842                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4580497                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24202718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19207360     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1550531      6.41%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1701149      7.03%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       973719      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       494894      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124028      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144821      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3422      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2794      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24202718                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18740     57.31%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7719     23.60%     80.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6243     19.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8907374     78.21%     78.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86604      0.76%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          787      0.01%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2049136     17.99%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345033      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     11388934                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.400985                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32702                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47020985                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14405217                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11098002                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     11421636                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8659                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460669                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           36                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9025                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       353075                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        606201                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8543                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12179348                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          432                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2246593                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348487                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          804                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4153                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          241                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           36                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104546                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59639                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       164185                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11246656                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2020725                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2365721                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1712689                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           344996                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.395976                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             11100848                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            11098002                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         6724960                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        14497507                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.390742                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.463870                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8856625                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      9936608                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2243250                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       153988                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23849643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416636                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285336                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20169109     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1433690      6.01%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       933280      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290281      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       492005      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93492      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59223      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53807      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324756      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23849643                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      8856625                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      9936608                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              2125386                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1785924                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1527872                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         8673016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       120856                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       324756                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           35704719                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          24713054                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                463062                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               4199667                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           8856625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             9936608                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      8856625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.206908                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.206908                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.311827                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.311827                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       52334799                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      14425711                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13081502                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         1584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2198866                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1799061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       215797                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904300                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         863514                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227174                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21151788                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             12294388                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2198866                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1090688                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2565673                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        590593                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1147771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1295273                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       215904                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     25237227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933829                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       22671554     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         119947      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         190277      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         256765      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         263962      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         224042      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         125249      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         185550      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1199881      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     25237227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077418                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.432865                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20935476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1366228                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2560760                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         3028                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       371733                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       361788                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          262                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     15082184                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1531                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       371733                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20993197                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        180361                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1053693                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2506776                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       131465                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     15075575                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        19401                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        56419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     21038158                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     70129915                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     70129915                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     18215986                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2822170                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3719                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1927                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          393676                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1411277                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       764278                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         9062                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       174504                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         15055546                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3731                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        14291452                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1675217                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4017856                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25237227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566285                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19195548     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2479271      9.82%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1258941      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       952729      3.78%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746545      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301144      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190667      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        98846      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13536      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25237227                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2663     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8749     36.43%     47.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12605     52.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12018552     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213397      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1295969      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       761743      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     14291452                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.503178                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24017                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001681                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53846447                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16734556                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14074261                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     14315469                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29345                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       227618                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11266                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       371733                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        148176                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13039                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15059303                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1411277                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       764278                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1928                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11048                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124977                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121832                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       246809                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14092228                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1219030                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199224                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1980706                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        2002711                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           761676                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.496164                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             14074386                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            14074261                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         8080470                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        21770173                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.495531                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371172                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10619412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     13067490                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1991816                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3611                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       218291                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24865494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525527                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373125                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19507654     78.45%     78.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2653486     10.67%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004865      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478903      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400830      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231382      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204264      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91129      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       292981      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24865494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10619412                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     13067490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1936671                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1183659                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1884524                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11773577                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       269141                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       292981                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           39631741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          30490363                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                322058                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3165158                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10619412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            13067490                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10619412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.674572                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.674572                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.373892                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.373892                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       63425843                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      19605846                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13983648                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        1934473                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1732076                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154952                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1307860                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1278358                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112897                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4663                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20541328                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             10999422                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           1934473                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1391255                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2452473                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        510450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       870180                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1243349                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151763                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     24218640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.507350                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739370                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21766167     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         379366      1.57%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         184657      0.76%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         374323      1.55%     93.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         114687      0.47%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         348562      1.44%     95.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          53272      0.22%     95.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          86352      0.36%     96.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         911254      3.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     24218640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.068110                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.387271                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20348168                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      1068401                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2447378                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1993                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       352699                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       178011                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred         1960                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     12264926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         4617                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       352699                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20370638                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        705430                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       292813                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2424861                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        72193                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     12245626                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           23                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         9531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        55469                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     16004934                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     55435903                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     55435903                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     12945700                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3059234                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         1591                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          804                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          165139                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      2247473                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       348763                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3057                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        79393                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         12181539                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        11395385                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7574                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2223535                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4575303                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24218640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.082066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19220243     79.36%     79.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1551838      6.41%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1702230      7.03%     92.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       974120      4.02%     96.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       494687      2.04%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       124171      0.51%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       145120      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3444      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2787      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24218640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18647     57.17%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7730     23.70%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6239     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8911170     78.20%     78.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86773      0.76%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          788      0.01%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2051285     18.00%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       345369      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     11395385                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.401212                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32616                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002862                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     47049600                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14406708                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11103865                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     11428001                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8531                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460981                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           43                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8952                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       352699                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        623839                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8614                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12183140                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          456                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2247473                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       348763                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          803                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4203                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          238                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           43                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       104613                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59323                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       163936                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11253170                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2022158                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       142215                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2367496                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        1713475                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           345338                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.396205                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             11106817                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            11103865                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         6728399                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        14507475                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.390948                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.463788                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8861556                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      9942732                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2240926                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1586                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       153803                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23865941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.416608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20182293     84.57%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1435120      6.01%     90.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       934205      3.91%     94.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       290926      1.22%     95.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491758      2.06%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93832      0.39%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59129      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53966      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324712      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23865941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      8861556                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      9942732                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              2126303                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1786492                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               792                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1528783                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         8678522                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       120989                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       324712                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           35724861                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          24720260                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                462744                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               4183745                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           8861556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             9942732                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      8861556                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.205124                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.205124                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.312000                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.312000                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       52365415                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      14433147                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      13084318                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         1584                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2076333                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1702721                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205816                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       855098                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         810020                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212425                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9060                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19834369                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11809827                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2076333                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1022445                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2596589                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        587516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1989284                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1224564                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204595                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     24798290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.918208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       22201701     89.53%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         280346      1.13%     90.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         324530      1.31%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         178429      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         207650      0.84%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         113307      0.46%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          77742      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         200832      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1213753      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     24798290                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073104                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.415804                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19671064                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2156123                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2575238                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        19959                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       375900                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       336639                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2148                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     14416741                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        11354                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       375900                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       19702496                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        502758                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1565691                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2564618                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        86821                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     14406776                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           27                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        21832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        40610                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     20012138                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     67084578                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     67084578                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17031028                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2981110                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3824                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2160                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          235913                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1379971                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       748976                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19776                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       166261                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         14379736                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3828                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        13568664                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19069                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1837958                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4267734                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          485                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24798290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547161                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240331                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19080586     76.94%     76.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2301382      9.28%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234471      4.98%     91.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854475      3.45%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747671      3.02%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       383086      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91850      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60451      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44318      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24798290                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3362     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13075     43.98%     55.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13294     44.71%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11355642     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212030      1.56%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1659      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1256273      9.26%     94.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       743060      5.48%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     13568664                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.477730                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29731                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002191                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51984418                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16221659                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13338582                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     13598395                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33963                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       250849                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18187                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          370                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       375900                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        457538                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14094                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14383586                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7464                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1379971                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748976                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2159                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9826                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118527                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116140                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       234667                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13365382                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1178963                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       203282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1921806                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1868625                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           742843                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.470573                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             13338889                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            13338582                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7929899                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        20779642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.469629                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381619                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10003226                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12272713                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2111007                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3343                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       206869                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24422390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.318313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19407327     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2326146      9.52%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975688      4.00%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584281      2.39%     95.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405817      1.66%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261321      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136431      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109143      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216236      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24422390                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10003226                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12272713                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1859911                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1129122                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1756373                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11064464                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       249703                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       216236                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           38589809                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          29143356                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                307079                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               3604095                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10003226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12272713                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10003226                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.839323                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.839323                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.352197                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.352197                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       60290730                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      18509503                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      13451673                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2075638                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1702868                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205439                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       858173                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         811451                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212252                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9073                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19850840                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11804778                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2075638                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1023703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2597197                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        584049                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      1965944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1224736                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204264                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     24789044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582332                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       22191847     89.52%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         280466      1.13%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         326452      1.32%     91.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         178720      0.72%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         208381      0.84%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         112728      0.45%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          77609      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         199632      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1213209      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     24789044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073080                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.415626                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19687601                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2132602                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2576297                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        19633                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       372905                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       335825                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred         2158                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14408827                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        11381                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       372905                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19718719                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        543675                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      1501895                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2565781                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        86063                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14399474                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        21759                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        40317                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     20009119                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     67050981                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     67050981                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     17054362                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2954736                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3765                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2099                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          233332                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1377579                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       748377                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19168                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       164696                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14373328                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3767                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13568891                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18282                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1816310                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4224612                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          422                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24789044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.547375                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.240214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19067234     76.92%     76.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2304944      9.30%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1237575      4.99%     91.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853678      3.44%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746540      3.01%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       382052      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92387      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60051      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44583      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24789044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3284     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12881     43.69%     54.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13317     45.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11357160     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212203      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1661      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1255470      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       742397      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13568891                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.477738                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29482                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002173                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     51974586                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16193541                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13342167                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13598373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34019                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       246934                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           79                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          140                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16604                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          829                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          268                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       372905                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        494550                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14278                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14377117                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7475                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1377579                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748377                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2097                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9991                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          140                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118512                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115786                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       234298                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13367278                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1178950                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  22                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1921117                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1869801                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           742167                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.470639                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13342448                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13342167                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7934462                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20780214                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.469755                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381828                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10016857                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12289446                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2087833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3345                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       206478                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24416139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503333                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319088                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19393767     79.43%     79.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2329509      9.54%     88.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       977410      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584931      2.40%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406386      1.66%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261592      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137132      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109268      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216144      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24416139                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10016857                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12289446                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1862418                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1130645                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1670                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1758773                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        11079534                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       250039                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       216144                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           38577209                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29127492                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                306932                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               3613341                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10016857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12289446                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10016857                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.835459                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.835459                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.352677                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.352677                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60305119                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18518406                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13447237                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2198570                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1798854                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       216004                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       904586                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         863843                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         227188                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9854                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21148724                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             12296444                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2198570                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1091031                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2566122                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        591722                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1143461                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1295432                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       216013                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     25231222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       22665100     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         119813      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         190073      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         257244      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         263695      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         223869      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         126085      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         185586      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1199757      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     25231222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077408                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.432937                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20932464                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1361876                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2561232                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2997                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       372651                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       361719                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     15085278                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1543                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       372651                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20990266                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        176748                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1052928                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2507160                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       131467                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     15078848                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        19180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        56544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     21042197                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     70146299                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     70146299                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     18206066                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2836126                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3724                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1930                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          393407                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1411966                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       764235                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8921                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       175337                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         15058685                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3737                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        14288965                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2270                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1685957                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4048074                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          125                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25231222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19191136     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2478699      9.82%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1257847      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       952424      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746842      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       301664      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       190094      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        99080      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        13436      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25231222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2733     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8726     36.61%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12376     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12016171     84.09%     84.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213314      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1790      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1296045      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       761645      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     14288965                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.503090                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             23835                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001668                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     53835257                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16748445                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14071404                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     14312800                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        29205                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       228970                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11638                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       372651                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        145122                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13041                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15062447                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1411966                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       764235                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1934                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        11067                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125135                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       121628                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       246763                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14089368                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1218415                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       199597                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  25                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1980000                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        2001716                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           761585                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.496063                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             14071535                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            14071404                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         8077509                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        21765862                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.495430                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371109                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10613616                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     13060286                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2002169                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3612                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       218497                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24858571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525384                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19503086     78.46%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2652905     10.67%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1004795      4.04%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       478111      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       400171      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       231073      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       204609      0.82%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90813      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       293008      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24858571                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10613616                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     13060286                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1935590                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1182996                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1883459                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11767101                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       268987                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       293008                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           39627940                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          30497585                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                322153                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3171163                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10613616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            13060286                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10613616                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.676033                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.676033                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.373687                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.373687                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       63412351                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      19601991                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13985172                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3608                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               28402385                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1993796                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1630764                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       197011                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       818704                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         782199                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         204343                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8837                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19333889                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11318585                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1993796                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       986542                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2368864                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        575140                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       930743                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1191128                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       197951                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23007340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20638476     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         128569      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         201540      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         322414      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         132987      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         148708      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         159847      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         104470      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1170329      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23007340                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070198                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.398508                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19147825                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1118607                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2361205                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         6133                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       373569                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       326469                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13815966                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1620                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       373569                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19179087                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        254433                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       773682                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2336624                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        89932                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13805307                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         4513                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        23724                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        33164                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7050                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19163841                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     64213864                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     64213864                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     16305020                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2858815                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3582                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1999                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          265012                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1315741                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       707069                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21237                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       160927                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13784197                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3595                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13026483                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16881                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1776117                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3987505                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          411                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23007340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566188                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17514023     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2206039      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1204783      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       822397      3.57%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       768505      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       219439      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       173059      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        58642      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        40453      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23007340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3103     12.78%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         9387     38.65%     51.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11796     48.57%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10912893     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       206117      1.58%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1577      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1203552      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702344      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13026483                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.458640                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             24286                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001864                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49101473                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15564062                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12814035                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13050769                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        38882                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       239484                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           31                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          158                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22670                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          837                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       373569                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        174984                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12164                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13787812                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5528                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1315741                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       707069                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2004                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9074                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          158                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       113639                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       113526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       227165                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12838908                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1132245                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       187575                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1834231                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1805948                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           701986                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.452036                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12814246                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12814035                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7493402                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        19573469                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.451161                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9577790                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11739930                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2047951                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3184                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       200911                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22633771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518691                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17866303     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2309267     10.20%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       899088      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       485321      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       361009      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       202322      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       125577      0.55%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       111656      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273228      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22633771                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9577790                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11739930                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1760652                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1076253                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1588                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1685075                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10578708                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       238532                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       273228                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           36148359                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          27949370                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                315610                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               5395045                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9577790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11739930                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9577790                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.965442                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.965442                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.337218                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.337218                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       57894691                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      17762309                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12887514                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1971                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.579033                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         181231                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         4019                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        45.093556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.605743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    21.100974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   850.908143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1128.964172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.010303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.415482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.551252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  3734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                2022                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   3749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3748                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  3749                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1970                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1970                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1681544786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1761985141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2437951                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683982737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1764423092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80440355                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1683982737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1764423092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              5702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            2022                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               5719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              5719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345142                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 869914.529747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895317.652947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1218975.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870275.316279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895646.239594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2298295.857143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 870275.316279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895646.239594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    1110                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1970                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1970                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1511805090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1589171476                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2262062                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514067152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591433538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77366386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1514067152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591433538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.341158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.340489                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210468.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782102.995344                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807505.831301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1131031                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210468.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782463.644444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807834.283249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2210468.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 782463.644444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807834.283249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         3206                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.651299                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         124039                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         5251                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        23.621977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.136552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.404667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   906.050392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1110.059689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.009475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.442407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.542021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  3850                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            800                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 800                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   3860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3859                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  3860                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                3201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 3206                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3170                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                3206                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45412446                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2962446794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3007859240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7864338                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7864338                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45412446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2970311132                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     3015723578                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45412446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2970311132                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    3015723578                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              7051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          800                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             800                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               7066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              7066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.451240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.453978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450989                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.453722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450989                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.453722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1261456.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 936002.146603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939662.368010                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1572867.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1572867.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1261456.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 937006.666246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 940649.899563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1261456.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 937006.666246                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 940649.899563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                493                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     493                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            3206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           3206                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42250272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2684499987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2726750259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      7425338                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7425338                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42250272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2691925325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2734175597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     42250272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2691925325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2734175597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.451240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450989                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.450989                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.453722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1173618.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 848183.250237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851843.254920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1485067.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1485067.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1173618.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 849187.799685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852830.816282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1173618.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 849187.799685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852830.816282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.444999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         182968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        60.226465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.444999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    28.480577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   452.938739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1527.580685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.013907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.221161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.745889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  3068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   3084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         3082                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  3084                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99869988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    780794587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     880664575                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99869988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    780794587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      880664575                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     99869988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    780794587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     880664575                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              4058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               4074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              4074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.237882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.243963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3026363.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815877.311390                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889560.176768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3026363.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815877.311390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889560.176768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3026363.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 815877.311390                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889560.176768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96972588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    696769987                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    793742575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96972588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    696769987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    793742575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     96972588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    696769987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    793742575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.237882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.236940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2938563.272727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728077.311390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801760.176768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2938563.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728077.311390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801760.176768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2938563.272727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 728077.311390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801760.176768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         2030                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.871143                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         122153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         4078                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        29.954144                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.622091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    17.313018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   894.863836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1106.072197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.008454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.436945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.540074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  3568                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            648                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 648                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   3574                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3573                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  3574                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                2030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 2030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                2030                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     38712268                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1611781265                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1650493533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     38712268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1611781265                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1650493533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     38712268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1611781265                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1650493533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              5598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          648                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             648                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               5604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         5575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              5604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362630                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1382581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 805085.546953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813051.001478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1382581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 805085.546953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813051.001478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1382581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 805085.546953                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813051.001478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                279                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     279                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            2030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2002                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           2030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     36253868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1435964403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1472218271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     36253868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1435964403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1472218271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     36253868                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1435964403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1472218271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362630                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362241                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.359103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1294781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 717264.936563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725230.675369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1294781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 717264.936563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725230.675369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      1294781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 717264.936563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725230.675369                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         1313                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.471716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         159493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         3361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        47.454032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.271230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.758095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   597.158097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1392.284294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.015019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.291581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.679826                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  3010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 958                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   3028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3026                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  3028                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                1314                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 1314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1275                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                1314                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69432965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1097457045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1166890010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69432965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1097457045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     1166890010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69432965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1097457045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    1166890010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              4324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             958                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               4342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              4342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.297689                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1780332.435897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 860750.623529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 888044.147641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1780332.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 860750.623529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 888044.147641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1780332.435897                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 860750.623529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 888044.147641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                551                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     551                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            1313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           1313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66006839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    983284344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049291183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66006839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    983284344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049291183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66006839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    983284344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1049291183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.297455                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.296210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1692483.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 771808.747253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799155.508759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1692483.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 771808.747253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799155.508759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1692483.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 771808.747253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 799155.508759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         2037                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.871695                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         122168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         4085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        29.906487                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.624345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    17.642483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   897.810934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1102.793933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.008614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.438384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.538474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  3579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            652                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 652                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3584                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   3585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3584                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  3585                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                2038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 2038                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                2038                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47044356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1568244846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1615289202                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47044356                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1568244846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     1615289202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47044356                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1568244846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    1615289202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5588                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              5617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          652                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             652                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               5623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              5623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362827                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362440                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362440                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1680155.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780221.316418                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 792585.476938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1680155.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780221.316418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 792585.476938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1680155.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 780221.316418                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 792585.476938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2038                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            2038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2010                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           2038                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44585956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1391854646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436440602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44585956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1391854646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436440602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     44585956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1391854646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1436440602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.359314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1592355.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 692464.998010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704828.558391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1592355.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 692464.998010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704828.558391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1592355.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 692464.998010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704828.558391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         1984                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.578969                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         181245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         4032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        44.951637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.670003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    20.875710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   852.188951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1127.844304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.010193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.416108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.550705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2024                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                2024                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3760                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3761                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                1981                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 1983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1948                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                1983                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     77858358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1691671860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1769530218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1781538                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1781538                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     77858358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1693453398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1771311756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     77858358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1693453398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1771311756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              5727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2024                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            2024                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               5744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              5744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341943                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2224524.514286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 869307.225077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893250.993438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       890769                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       890769                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2224524.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 869329.259754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 893248.490166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2224524.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 869329.259754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 893248.490166                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               1116                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    1116                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            1983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           1983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     74784153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1520751044                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1595535197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1605938                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1605938                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     74784153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1522356982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1597141135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     74784153                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1522356982                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1597141135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341943                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345230                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.341275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345230                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2136690.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 781475.356629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805419.079758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       802969                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       802969                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2136690.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 781497.424025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805416.608674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2136690.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 781497.424025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805416.608674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          990                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.445318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         182965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        60.225477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.445318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    28.478235                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   452.679658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1527.842106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.013905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.221035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.746017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  3065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 970                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   3081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         3079                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  3081                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 990                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112017501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    793991983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     906009484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112017501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    793991983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      906009484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112017501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    793991983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     906009484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              4055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             970                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               4071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              4071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.238060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.244143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.237116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.243183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.237116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.243183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3394469.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829667.693835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 915161.094949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3394469.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829667.693835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 915161.094949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3394469.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 829667.693835                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 915161.094949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                528                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     528                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          957                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    109120101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    709956312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    819076413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    109120101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    709956312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    819076413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    109120101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    709956312                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    819076413                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.238060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.244143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.237116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.237116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3306669.727273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741856.125392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827349.912121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3306669.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741856.125392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827349.912121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3306669.727273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 741856.125392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827349.912121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         3548                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.929518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         154922                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         5596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        27.684417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.215436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.135811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1202.901971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         826.676299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.587354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.403651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  4507                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                1415                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   4508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         4507                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  4508                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                3540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 3548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3511                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                3548                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63688516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3284604440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3348292956                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10965448                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     10965448                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63688516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3295569888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     3359258404                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63688516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3295569888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    3359258404                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              8047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            1415                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               8056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              8056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.439915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.440417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.440417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1721311.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 937654.707394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945845.467797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1370681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1370681                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1721311.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 938641.380803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946803.383315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1721311.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 938641.380803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946803.383315                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                619                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     619                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3540                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            3548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           3548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60439916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2977011991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3037451907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10263048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10263048                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60439916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2987275039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3047714955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60439916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   2987275039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3047714955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.439915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.437890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.440417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1633511.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 849846.414787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858037.261864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1282881                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1282881                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1633511.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850833.107092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858995.195885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1633511.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 850833.107092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858995.195885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         2034                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.850741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         122141                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         4082                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        29.921852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.843816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.331841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   897.994115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1100.680968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.438474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.537442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3554                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  3555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   3561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         3560                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  3561                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                2034                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 2034                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                2034                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71592453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1615365279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1686957732                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71592453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1615365279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     1686957732                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71592453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1615365279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    1686957732                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              5589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5563                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               5595                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         5563                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              5595                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.363929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.363539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.363539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2309433.967742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 806472.930105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829379.415929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2309433.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 806472.930105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829379.415929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2309433.967742                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 806472.930105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829379.415929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            2034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           2034                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68860903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1438649592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1507510495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68860903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1438649592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1507510495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     68860903                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1438649592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1507510495                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363929                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363539                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.968750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.360058                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363539                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2221319.451613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 718247.424863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741155.602262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2221319.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 718247.424863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741155.602262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2221319.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 718247.424863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741155.602262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1314                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.512653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         159504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3362                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        47.443189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.271947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    30.592460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   597.878484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1391.769761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.014938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.291933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.679575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  3018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   3036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         3034                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  3036                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1276                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1315                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73273393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1080369553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1153642946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73273393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1080369553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1153642946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73273393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1080369553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1153642946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302229                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302229                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1878804.948718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 846684.602665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 877295.015970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1878804.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 846684.602665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 877295.015970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1878804.948718                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 846684.602665                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 877295.015970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                549                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     549                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69849193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    967239753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037088946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69849193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    967239753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037088946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     69849193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    967239753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1037088946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.297064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1791004.948718                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 758619.414118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789260.993912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1791004.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 758619.414118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789260.993912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1791004.948718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 758619.414118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789260.993912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         2029                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.869940                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         122150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         4077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        29.960755                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.839830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    17.668969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   896.337994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1104.023146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.008627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.539074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  3564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 649                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3569                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   3570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3569                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  3570                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                2029                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 2029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                2029                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53146515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1599848495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1652995010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53146515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1599848495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     1652995010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53146515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1599848495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    1652995010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              5593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             649                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               5599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              5599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.362775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.362386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.362386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1898089.821429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799524.485257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 814684.578610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1898089.821429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799524.485257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 814684.578610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1898089.821429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 799524.485257                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 814684.578610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            2029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           2029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50686529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1424107521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474794050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50686529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1424107521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474794050                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     50686529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1424107521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1474794050                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.362386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1810233.178571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 711697.911544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726857.589946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1810233.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 711697.911544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726857.589946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1810233.178571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 711697.911544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 726857.589946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1957                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.578172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         181194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         4005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        45.241948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.681789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    20.939426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   845.887851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1134.069106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.010224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.413031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.553745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2004                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                2004                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3729                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3730                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1921                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1956                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68733609                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1661262291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1729995900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1157481                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1157481                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68733609                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1662419772                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1731153381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     68733609                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1662419772                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1731153381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              5669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2004                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            2004                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               5686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              5686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.344682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344003                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344003                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1963817.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 865691.657634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885361.258956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 578740.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 578740.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1963817.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 865392.905778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 885047.740798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1963817.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 865392.905778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 885047.740798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               1105                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    1105                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65660609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1492750668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1558411277                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       981881                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       981881                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65660609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1493732549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559393158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65660609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1493732549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1559393158                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.340000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1876017.400000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 777879.451798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797549.271750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 490940.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 490940.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1876017.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 777580.712650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797235.765849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1876017.400000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 777580.712650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797235.765849                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         1973                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.580504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         181200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         4021                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        45.063417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          46.380386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.294200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   852.699117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1127.206801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.010398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.416357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.550394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  3717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           2008                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                2008                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   3732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         3731                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  3732                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                1970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 1972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1937                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                1972                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78168705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1686721742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1764890447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1157621                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1157621                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78168705                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1687879363                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     1766048068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78168705                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1687879363                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    1766048068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              5687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2008                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            2008                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               5704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         5668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              5704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2233391.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 871690.822739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 895883.475635                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 578810.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 578810.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2233391.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 871388.416624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 895561.900609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2233391.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 871388.416624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 895561.900609                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               1112                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    1112                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            1972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1937                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           1972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75093772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1516798645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1591892417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       982021                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       982021                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75093772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1517780666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1592874438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     75093772                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1517780666                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1592874438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.342417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.341743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2145536.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 783875.268734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 808067.216751                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 491010.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 491010.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2145536.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 783572.878678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807745.658215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2145536.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 783572.878678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 807745.658215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1318                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.511170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         159505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3366                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        47.387106                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.318049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    32.088609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   596.941771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1391.162740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.015668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.291475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.679279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  3019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 961                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3034                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   3036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3034                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  3036                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1319                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1277                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1319                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83619942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1082680823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1166300765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83619942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1082680823                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1166300765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     83619942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1082680823                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1166300765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4294                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              4338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             961                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               4355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              4355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.297392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.296219                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.296219                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1990951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 847831.498042                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 884231.057619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1990951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 847831.498042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 884231.057619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1990951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 847831.498042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 884231.057619                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                552                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     552                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79929954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    968301978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1048231932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79929954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    968301978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1048231932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79929954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    968301978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1048231932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.297159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302641                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302641                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1903094.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 758857.349530                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795320.130501                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1903094.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 758857.349530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795320.130501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1903094.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 758857.349530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795320.130501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         3187                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.571118                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         124035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5232                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        23.706995                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.137614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    18.781629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   901.334500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1115.317376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.009171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.440105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.544589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3853                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3862                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3863                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                3182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 3187                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3153                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                3187                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50033520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2930516414                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2980549934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7652188                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7652188                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50033520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2938168602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     2988202122                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50033520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2938168602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    2988202122                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              7035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               7050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         7015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              7050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.449714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.452310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.449465                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.452057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.449465                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.452057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1471574.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 930913.727446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 936690.739786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1530437.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1530437.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1471574.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 931864.447193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 937622.253530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1471574.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 931864.447193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 937622.253530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                495                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     495                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            3187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           3187                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47047597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2654073486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2701121083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      7213188                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7213188                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47047597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2661286674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2708334271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47047597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2661286674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2708334271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.449714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452310                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.449465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452057                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.449465                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452057                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1383752.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 843098.311944                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 848875.261785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1442637.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1442637.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1383752.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844049.056137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849806.799812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1383752.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844049.056137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849806.799812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              512.188115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001231965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1932880.241313                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    30.188115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.048378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1223873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1223873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114299619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223923                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2285992.380000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80799786                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2244438.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5683                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158375042                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5939                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26666.954369                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.408583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.591417                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.880502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.119498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860970                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726358                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587328                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19341                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          596                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8159166442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8159166442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    430801109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8589967551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8589967551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8589967551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8589967551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 421858.561708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 421858.561708                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 722820.652685                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430855.572604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430855.572604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 430855.572604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430855.572604                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      6155950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 769493.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            2022                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14254                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1943107207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1943107207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3421282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946528489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946528489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1946528489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1946528489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006436                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342941.617896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342941.617896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 201251.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342517.770368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342517.770368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342517.770368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342517.770368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              517.681265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1005648258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  527                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1908250.963947                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    27.681265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.044361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1190213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1190213                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1190213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1190213                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1190213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1190213                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64528470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     64528470                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64528470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     64528470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64528470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     64528470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1190265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1190265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1190265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1190265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1190265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1190265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1240932.115385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1240932.115385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1240932.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1240932.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1240932.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1240932.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45804635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45804635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45804635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45804635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     45804635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45804635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1237963.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1237963.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1237963.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1237963.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1237963.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1237963.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 7029                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              167167445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 7285                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             22946.800961                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   227.315872                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    28.684128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.887953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.112047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       822974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        822974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       680878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       680878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1503852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1503852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1503852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1503852                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18509                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        18601                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18601                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        18601                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8303540638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8303540638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     74987210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74987210                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8378527848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8378527848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8378527848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8378527848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       841483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       841483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       680970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       680970                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1938                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1590                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1522453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1522453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1522453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1522453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 448621.786050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 448621.786050                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 815078.369565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815078.369565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 450434.269555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450434.269555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 450434.269555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450434.269555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             800                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        11572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11572                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         7029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7029                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3241828323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3241828323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      8546838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8546838                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3250375161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3250375161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3250375161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3250375161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462193.943969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462193.943969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 569789.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 569789.200000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462423.553991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462423.553991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 462423.553991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 462423.553991                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              486.775806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1003119108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2047181.853061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.775806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.050923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1330150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1330150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1330150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1330150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1330150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1330150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    145898800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145898800                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    145898800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145898800                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    145898800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145898800                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1330195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1330195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1330195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1330195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1330195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1330195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3242195.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3242195.555556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3242195.555556                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3236658                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 809164.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100298593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100298593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100298593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100298593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    100298593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100298593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2865674.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2865674.085714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2865674.085714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 4039                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148885962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             34664.950407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   220.783847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    35.216153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.862437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.137563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1059201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1059201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       785860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1845061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1845061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1845061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1845061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        10410                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        10410                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2340032292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2340032292                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      6127735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6127735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2346160027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2346160027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2346160027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2346160027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1069536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1069536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       785935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2032                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1911                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1855471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1855471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1855471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1855471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009663                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 226418.218868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 226418.218868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 81703.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81703.133333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 225375.602978                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6371                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    988571880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    988571880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1113141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1113141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    989685021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    989685021                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    989685021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    989685021                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 245730.022371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245730.022371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69571.312500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69571.312500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245032.191384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              548.265583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              919940023                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1654568.386691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    21.933775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   526.331808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.035150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.843480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1242840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1242840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1242840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1242840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1242840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1242840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     44872215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44872215                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     44872215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     44872215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     44872215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     44872215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1242883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1242883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1242883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1242883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1242883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1242883                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1043539.883721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1043539.883721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1043539.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1043539.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1043539.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1043539.883721                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     39029842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39029842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     39029842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39029842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     39029842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39029842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1345856.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1345856.620690                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1345856.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1345856.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1345856.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1345856.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 5575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              205261385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 5831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35201.746699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   191.350661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    64.649339                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.747464                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.252536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1852409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1852409                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       337836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       337836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2190245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        2190245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      2190245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       2190245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19816                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        19842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        19842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        19842                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9114733467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9114733467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2227502                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2227502                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9116960969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9116960969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9116960969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9116960969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1872225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872225                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       337862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       337862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2210087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      2210087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010584                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008978                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008978                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 459968.382469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 459968.382469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 85673.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85673.153846                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 459477.924050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459477.924050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 459477.924050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459477.924050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        14267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14267                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1862316551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1862316551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1862701151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1862701151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1862701151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1862701151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 334407.712516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334407.712516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 334116.798386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334116.798386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 334116.798386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334116.798386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              510.221316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              999989991                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1937965.098837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    35.221316                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.056444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1294156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1294156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1294156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1294156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1294156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1294156                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95346529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95346529                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95346529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95346529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     95346529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95346529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1294213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1294213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1294213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1294213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1294213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1294213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1672746.122807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1672746.122807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1672746.122807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1672746.122807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1672746.122807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1672746.122807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69892025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69892025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69892025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69892025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69892025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69892025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1704683.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1704683.536585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1704683.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1704683.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1704683.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1704683.536585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 4301                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              152537901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 4557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             33473.315997                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   223.757857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    32.242143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.874054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.125946                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       890367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        890367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       748190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       748190                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1638557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1638557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1638557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1638557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13749                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        13854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        13854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4775934715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4775934715                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      8672339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8672339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4784607054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4784607054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4784607054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4784607054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       904116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       904116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       748295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       748295                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1802                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1652411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1652411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1652411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1652411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 347365.969525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 347365.969525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 82593.704762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82593.704762                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 345359.250325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 345359.250325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 345359.250325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 345359.250325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             958                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         9553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9553                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         4301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1303993060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1303993060                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1185856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1185856                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1305178916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305178916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1305178916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1305178916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 304457.870651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304457.870651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 65880.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65880.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 303459.408510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303459.408510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 303459.408510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303459.408510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              549.118931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              919943973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1654575.491007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.788468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.330463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.036520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.843478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1246790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1246790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1246790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1246790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1246790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1246790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54313827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54313827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54313827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54313827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     54313827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54313827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1246834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1246834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1246834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1246834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1246834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1246834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1234405.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1234405.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1234405.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47358538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47358538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47358538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47358538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     47358538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47358538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1633053.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633053.034483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633053.034483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5593                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              205268581                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5849                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             35094.645409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   191.844190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    64.155810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.749391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.250609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1858159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1858159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       339277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       339277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2197436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        2197436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2197436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       2197436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19911                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8988121393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8988121393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      2224442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2224442                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8990345835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8990345835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8990345835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8990345835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1878070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1878070                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       339303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       339303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          797                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2217373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2217373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2217373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2217373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010602                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 451414.865803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451414.865803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 85555.461538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85555.461538                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450937.745649                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             652                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5588                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5594                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5594                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1819469607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1819469607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1819854207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1819854207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1819854207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1819854207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 325603.007695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325603.007695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325322.525384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              511.996044                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1001231071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1932878.515444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    29.996044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.048071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1222979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222979                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1222979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1222979                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1222979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1222979                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109664850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109664850                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109664850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109664850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109664850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109664850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1223031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1223031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223031                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1223031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223031                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2108939.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2108939.423077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2108939.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2108939.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2108939.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2108939.423077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78235068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78235068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78235068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78235068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     78235068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78235068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2173196.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2173196.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2173196.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2173196.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2173196.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2173196.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              158374248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             26555.038229                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   225.408166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    30.591834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.880501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.119499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       860481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       726036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1801                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1586517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1586517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1586517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1586517                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          599                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          599                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        20045                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        20045                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8249713684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8249713684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    395108054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    395108054                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8644821738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8644821738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8644821738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8644821738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       879927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       726635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1801                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1606562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1606562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1606562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1606562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.022100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000824                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 424237.050499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424237.050499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 659612.777963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 659612.777963                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 431270.727763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 431270.727763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 431270.727763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 431270.727763                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4327530                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 480836.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            2024                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14337                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14337                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14337                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5708                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1954171318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1954171318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2764811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2764811                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1956936129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956936129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1956936129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1956936129                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 343379.251098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343379.251098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 162635.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162635.941176                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 342840.947617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342840.947617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 342840.947617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342840.947617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              486.770020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1003118027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2047179.646939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    31.770020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.050913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1329069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1329069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1329069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1329069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1329069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1329069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    164213645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164213645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    164213645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164213645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    164213645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164213645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1329115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1329115                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1329115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1329115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1329115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1329115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3569861.847826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3569861.847826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3569861.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3569861.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3569861.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3569861.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3886216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       971554                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112420682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112420682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112420682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112420682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112420682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112420682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3212019.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3212019.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3212019.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3212019.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3212019.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3212019.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 4035                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148884484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             34696.920065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   220.752446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    35.247554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.862314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.137686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1058368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1058368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       785219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       785219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1843587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1843587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1843587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1843587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        10328                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        10403                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        10403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        10403                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2347090670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2347090670                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6112616                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6112616                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2353203286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2353203286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2353203286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2353203286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1068696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1068696                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       785294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       785294                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2030                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1909                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1853990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1853990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1853990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1853990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 227255.099729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227255.099729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 81501.546667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81501.546667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 226204.295492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 226204.295492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 226204.295492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 226204.295492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             970                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         6308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         6367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6367                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         4036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4036                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1001500173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1001500173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1110668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1110668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1002610841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002610841                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1002610841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1002610841                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 249129.396269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249129.396269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 69416.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69416.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 248416.957631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248416.957631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 248416.957631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248416.957631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              571.168860                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1030762225                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  581                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1774117.426850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    29.801010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.367850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.047758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1179444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1179444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1179444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1179444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1179444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1179444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88995467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88995467                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88995467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88995467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88995467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88995467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1179498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1179498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1179498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1179498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1179498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1179498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1648064.203704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1648064.203704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1648064.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1648064.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1648064.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1648064.203704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64060658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64060658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64060658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64060658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64060658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64060658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1685806.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685806.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1685806.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685806.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1685806.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1685806.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 8018                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              406307821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 8274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             49106.577351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.096803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.903197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.433972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.566028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3077427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3077427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1684498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1684498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4761925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        4761925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      4761925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       4761925                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        29235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        29265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        29265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        29265                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13800202973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13800202973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     39231155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     39231155                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13839434128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13839434128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  13839434128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13839434128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3106662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3106662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1684528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1684528                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          824                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4791190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4791190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      4791190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4791190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 472043.884830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 472043.884830                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1307705.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1307705.166667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 472900.534017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 472900.534017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 472900.534017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 472900.534017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            1415                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        21247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21247                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         8018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3621825151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3621825151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     11096157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11096157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3632921308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3632921308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3632921308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3632921308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 452219.397053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452219.397053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1232906.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1232906.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 453095.698179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453095.698179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 453095.698179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453095.698179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              550.728002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              919940426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1645689.491950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    24.398121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.329881                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.039100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.843477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1243243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1243243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1243243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86928028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86928028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86928028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86928028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86928028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86928028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1243291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1811000.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1811000.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1811000.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71931782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71931782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71931782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71931782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     71931782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71931782                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2247868.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2247868.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2247868.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 5563                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              205260519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 5819                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             35274.191270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   191.180357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    64.819643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.746798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.253202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1851543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1851543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       337836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       337836                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2189379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        2189379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      2189379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       2189379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        19786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        19786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9056925194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9056925194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      2231732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2231732                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9059156926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9059156926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9059156926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9059156926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1871303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1871303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       337862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       337862                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2209165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2209165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      2209165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2209165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008956                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008956                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 458346.416700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 458346.416700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 85835.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85835.846154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457856.915294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 457856.915294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 457856.915294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 457856.915294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14203                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        14223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14223                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5563                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1865002602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1865002602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1865387202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1865387202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1865387202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1865387202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002970                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002518                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002518                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 335613.208926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335613.208926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 335320.367068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335320.367068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 335320.367068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335320.367068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              510.223581                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              999991050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1937967.151163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.223581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.056448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1295215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1295215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1295215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1295215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1295215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1295215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    102919666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102919666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    102919666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102919666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    102919666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102919666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1295273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1295273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1295273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1295273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1295273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1295273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1774477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1774477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1774477                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73732102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73732102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73732102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73732102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     73732102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73732102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1798343.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798343.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798343.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4310                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152540349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4566                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             33407.873193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   223.781816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    32.218184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.874148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.125852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       891570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891570                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       749446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1641016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1641016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1641016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1641016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13781                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        13886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        13886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4665096298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4665096298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8606010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8606010                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4673702308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4673702308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4673702308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4673702308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       905351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       749551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749551                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1904                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1654902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1654902                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1654902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1654902                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008391                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008391                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 338516.529860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338516.529860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        81962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        81962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336576.574103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9576                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1287439021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1287439021                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1172668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1172668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1288611689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288611689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1288611689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288611689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 299962.493243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299962.493243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 65148.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65148.222222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298981.830394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              549.105186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              919940488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1654569.223022                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.773999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   526.331187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.036497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.843479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.879976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1243305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1243305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1243305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1243305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1243305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1243305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61049125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     61049125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61049125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     61049125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     61049125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     61049125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1243349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1243349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1243349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1243349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1243349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1243349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1387480.113636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1387480.113636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1387480.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1387480.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1387480.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1387480.113636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53477274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53477274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53477274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53477274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     53477274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53477274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1844043.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1844043.931034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1844043.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1844043.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1844043.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1844043.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 5570                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              205262106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 5826                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             35232.081359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   191.424294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    64.575706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.747751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.252249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1852782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1852782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       338184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       338184                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2190966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        2190966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      2190966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       2190966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total        19864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        19864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total        19864                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9043631474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9043631474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2279717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2279717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9045911191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9045911191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9045911191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9045911191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1872620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1872620                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       338210                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       338210                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          794                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          792                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2210830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2210830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      2210830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2210830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000077                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455874.154350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 455874.154350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87681.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87681.423077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455392.226692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 455392.226692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 455392.226692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 455392.226692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        14274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        14294                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14294                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1850107906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850107906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       405222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       405222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1850513128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850513128                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1850513128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1850513128                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 332514.001797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332514.001797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        67537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67537                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 332228.568761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332228.568761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 332228.568761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332228.568761                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              511.802667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1001232606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1932881.478764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    29.802667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.047761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1224514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1224514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1224514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1224514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1224514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1224514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98775492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     98775492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98775492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     98775492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     98775492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     98775492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1224564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1224564                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1224564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1224564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1224564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1224564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1975509.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1975509.840000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1975509.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1975509.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1975509.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1975509.840000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69108834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69108834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69108834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69108834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69108834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69108834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1919689.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1919689.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1919689.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1919689.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1919689.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1919689.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5650                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              158375299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5906                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             26816.000508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   225.395558                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    30.604442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.880451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.119549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       860998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       726597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726597                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1774                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1774                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1587595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1587595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19351                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        19951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        19951                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8190104623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8190104623                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    321296028                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    321296028                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8511400651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8511400651                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8511400651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8511400651                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       880349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       727197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1774                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1774                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1607546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607546                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1607546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607546                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000825                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000825                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 423239.347992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 423239.347992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 535493.380000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 535493.380000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 426615.239888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426615.239888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 426615.239888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426615.239888                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4288960                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       536120                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2004                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            2004                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          583                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        14301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14301                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5650                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1921359381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1921359381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2148672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2148672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1923508053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1923508053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1923508053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1923508053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 341089.895438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341089.895438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 126392.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126392.470588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 340443.903186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340443.903186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 340443.903186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340443.903186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              512.280758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1001232781                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1932881.816602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.280758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.048527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1224689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1224689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1224689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1224689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1224689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1224689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    102537451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    102537451                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    102537451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    102537451                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    102537451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    102537451                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1224736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1224736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1224736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1224736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1224736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1224736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2181647.893617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2181647.893617                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2181647.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2181647.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2181647.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2181647.893617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78525867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78525867                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78525867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78525867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     78525867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78525867                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2181274.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2181274.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2181274.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2181274.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2181274.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2181274.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 5668                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              158375970                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 5924                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             26734.633693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   225.440299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    30.559701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.880626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.119374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       860773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       727581                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       727581                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1588354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1588354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1588354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1588354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19346                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          598                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          598                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        19944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        19944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        19944                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8276732269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8276732269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    355253753                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    355253753                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8631986022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8631986022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   8631986022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8631986022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       880119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       728179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       728179                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1686                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1670                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1608298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1608298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1608298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1608298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021981                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012401                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012401                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 427826.541352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 427826.541352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 594069.821070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 594069.821070                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 432811.172383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432811.172383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 432811.172383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432811.172383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3121426                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 346825.111111                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            2008                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        13695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14276                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1947211874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1947211874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2151382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2151382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1949363256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1949363256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1949363256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1949363256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 344578.282428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344578.282428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 126551.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 126551.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 343924.357092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343924.357092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 343924.357092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343924.357092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              511.716795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              999991206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1926765.329480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    36.716795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.058841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.820059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1295371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1295371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1295371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1295371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1295371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1295371                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    115062584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115062584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    115062584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    115062584                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    115062584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    115062584                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1295432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1295432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1295432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1295432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1295432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1295432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1886271.868852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1886271.868852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1886271.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1886271.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1886271.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1886271.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     84113871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84113871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     84113871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84113871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     84113871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84113871                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1911678.886364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1911678.886364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1911678.886364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1911678.886364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1911678.886364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1911678.886364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4311                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              152539650                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             33400.405080                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   223.753756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    32.246244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.874038                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.125962                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       891276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        891276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       749036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       749036                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1640312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1640312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1640312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1640312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           97                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        13859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        13859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4645370746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4645370746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8013804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8013804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4653384550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4653384550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4653384550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4653384550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       905038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       905038                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       749133                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       749133                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1908                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1804                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1654171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1654171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1654171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1654171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337550.555588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337550.555588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 82616.536082                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82616.536082                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 335766.256584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335766.256584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 335766.256584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335766.256584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9548                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1289840287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1289840287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1107457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1107457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1290947744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1290947744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1290947744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1290947744                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004745                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 300381.995109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300381.995109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 65144.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65144.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 299454.359545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299454.359545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 299454.359545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299454.359545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              516.651173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1005649122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1915522.137143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    26.651173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.042710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.827967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1191077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1191077                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1191077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1191077                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1191077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1191077                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67002319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67002319                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67002319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67002319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     67002319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67002319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1191128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1191128                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1191128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1191128                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1191128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1191128                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1313770.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1313770.960784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1313770.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1313770.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1313770.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1313770.960784                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50398992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50398992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50398992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50398992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     50398992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50398992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1439971.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439971.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1439971.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439971.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1439971.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1439971.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 7015                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167168413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 7271                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             22991.117178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   227.200061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    28.799939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.887500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.112500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       823714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        823714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       681090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       681090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1504804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1504804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1504804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1504804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           96                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        18537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        18537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        18537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8174295495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8174295495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     73340212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73340212                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8247635707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8247635707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8247635707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8247635707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       842155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       842155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       681186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       681186                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1953                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1523341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1523341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1523341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1523341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 443267.474378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 443267.474378                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 763960.541667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 763960.541667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 444928.289745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 444928.289745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 444928.289745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 444928.289745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           81                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        11522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11522                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         7015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3209816436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3209816436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8334688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8334688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3218151124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3218151124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3218151124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3218151124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 458545.205143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458545.205143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 555645.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 555645.866667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 458752.833072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458752.833072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 458752.833072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 458752.833072                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
